The Dal-Tex Building is a seven-story office building located at 501 Elm Street in the West End Historic District of downtown Dallas, Texas.	downtown dallas,historic district,end historic,west end,elm street,office building,story office,tex building,building,dallas,downtown,district,historic,west,street
GirlForward is a 501 non-profit organization founded in 2011 by Blair Brettschneider.	blair brettschneider,profit organization,blair,profit,organization,girlforward,brettschneider
Lucy Montgomery is a fictional character in the daytime soap opera, As the World Turns.	soap opera,daytime soap,fictional character,lucy montgomery,montgomery,opera,fictional,soap,character,daytime,lucy,world
Batting Park Factor, also simply called Park Factor or BPF, is a baseball statistic that indicates the difference between runs scored in a team's home and road games.	park factor,road game,baseball statistic,batting park,park,road,factor,home,team,baseball,statistic,difference
The Battle of Marathon is a rhymed, dramatic, narrative-poem by Elizabeth Barrett .	marathon,elizabeth,rhymed,poem,dramatic,narrative,battle,barrett
Olu Babalola is a British professional basketball player who plays for the Leeds Force in the British Basketball League.Born in London, England, Babalola played for St.	basketball league,british basketball,leeds force,basketball player,professional basketball,british professional,olu babalola,babalola,british,basketball,england,london,leeds,league,force,player,professional
Gerard Edmund Lynch is a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.	united states,circuit judge,states circuit,second circuit,states court,senior united,edmund lynch,gerard edmund,united,circuit,states,edmund,lynch,senior,appeals,second,court,judge
Emiliotia immaculata is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.	family colloniidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,calcareous opercula,sea snail,small sea,emiliotia immaculata,immaculata,family,species,mollusk,small,gastropod,marine,snail,opercula
The 1997 Australian Rugby League season was the 90th season of professional rugby league football in Australia, and the third season run by the Australian Rugby League.	rugby league,australian rugby,league season,league football,professional rugby,season,rugby,league,football,australia,australian,professional
The New Economic Policy  was an economic policy of Soviet Russia proposed by Vladimir Lenin in 1921 as a temporary expedient.	economic policy,temporary expedient,vladimir lenin,soviet russia,new economic,economic,temporary,policy,lenin,soviet,vladimir,russia,expedient
Uíge is a provincial capital city in northwestern Angola located in the province of the same name.	northwestern angola,capital city,provincial capital,provincial,angola,capital,northwestern,city,uíge,province
Linus Loves is the alias of Scottish dance music remixer/producer Duncan Reid and, until 2005, a duo consisting of himself and Kevin McKay.	kevin mckay,duncan reid,producer duncan,music remixer,dance music,scottish dance,alia,kevin,scottish,dance,reid,music,duncan,remixer,producer
Gatcombe at Ashton Watering within the civil parish of Long Ashton, Somerset, England, is the location of a Grade II* listed building which was built on the site of a Roman settlement.	roman settlement,grade ii,long ashton,civil parish,ashton watering,ashton,roman,site,building,grade,location,england,civil,parish
Peter Alexander Rupert Carington, 6th Baron Carrington, , was a British Conservative politician and hereditary peer who served as Defence Secretary from 1970 to 1974, Foreign Secretary from 1979 to 1982, chairman of British General Electric Company from 1983 to 1984, and Secretary General of NATO from 1984 to 1988.	secretary general,electric company,general electric,foreign secretary,defence secretary,british general,hereditary peer,conservative politician,baron carrington,british conservative,secretary,general,british,alexander,rupert,carington,baron,hereditary,politician
Psyche crassiorella is a moth of the Psychidae family.	psychidae family,psyche crassiorella,crassiorella,psychidae,moth,psyche,family
Sir Edmund Butler of Cloughgrenan , was the second son of James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond and Lady Joan Fitzgerald.	joan fitzgerald,lady joan,james butler,second son,edmund butler,sir edmund,butler,joan,lady,ormond,edmund,earl,second,cloughgrenan
The Spirit is a 2008 American neo-noir superhero film, written and directed by Frank Miller and starring Gabriel Macht, Eva Mendes, Sarah Paulson, Dan Lauria, Paz Vega, Scarlett Johansson, and Samuel L. Jackson.	l. jackson,samuel l.,scarlett johansson,paz vega,dan lauria,sarah paulson,eva mendes,gabriel macht,frank miller,superhero film,american,samuel,noir,johansson,superhero,scarlett,film,vega
Hassan Ahmed is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana.	patriotic party,new patriotic,ghanaian diplomat,hassan ahmed,ahmed,party,ghanaian,patriotic,diplomat,member,hassan,ghana
Bruce Hardy McLain is an American retired hedge fund manager, and a co-founder and former managing partner of CVC Capital Partners.	capital partners,cvc capital,fund manager,managing partner,hedge fund,hardy mclain,bruce hardy,hardy,capital,mclain,american,partner,hedge,managing,fund,founder
Poverty Beach or Sewell Point is a barrier spit, approximately 2.5 miles in length entirely within the City of Cape May, along the Atlantic Ocean coast of eastern New Jersey in the United States.	united states,new jersey,eastern new,ocean coast,barrier spit,atlantic ocean,cape may,sewell point,poverty beach,beach,united,sewell,jersey,point,barrier,eastern,spit,coast
The 2017 Tour de France is the 104th edition of the cycle race, one of cycling's Grand Tours.	grand tours,cycle race,france,grand,cycling,edition,race,cycle,tour,tours
Solid Documents is a global productivity software company which creates document reconstruction and archival resources for businesses and individual consumers.	individual consumer,archival resource,document reconstruction,software company,productivity software,global productivity,solid documents,documents,individual,global,business,productivity,resource,software,archival,company,reconstruction
Descent Pass is a pass leading from Blue Glacier to Ferrar Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	victoria land,ferrar glacier,blue glacier,descent pass,glacier,pass,land,victoria,blue,antarctica,ferrar,descent
Palpita flegia, the satin white moth, is a moth in the family Crambidae.	family crambidae,white moth,satin white,palpita flegia,moth,flegia,family,satin,white,palpita,crambidae
Santo Aleixo da Restauração is a former civil parish in the municipality of Moura, southern Portugal, along the Portuguese-Spanish border.	spanish border,southern portugal,civil parish,da restauração,aleixo da,santo aleixo,aleixo,spanish,portuguese,restauração,portugal,civil,southern,parish,moura
La Frikipedia was a Spanish-language parody of Wikipedia.	language parody,la frikipedia,frikipedia,parody,spanish,language,wikipedia
Zoltán Pokorni is a Hungarian educator and politician, who served as Minister of Education between 1998 and 2001.	hungarian educator,zoltán pokorni,pokorni,minister,hungarian,politician,educator,zoltán,education
Jean-Paul Nozière is a French author who lives in Bourgogne, France.	french author,paul nozière,paul,bourgogne,nozière,author,french,jean,france
The concept of universalizability was set out by the 18th-century German philosopher Immanuel Kant as part of his work Groundwork of the Metaphysic of Morals.	work groundwork,immanuel kant,philosopher immanuel,german philosopher,century german,universalizability,metaphysic,groundwork,century,work,german,kant,philosopher,immanuel
Hungry Bear Restaurant is located inside Critter Country at Disneyland Park.	disneyland park,critter country,bear restaurant,hungry bear,bear,disneyland,restaurant,country,critter,hungry,park
Spasovtsi is a village in Gabrovo Municipality, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.	central bulgaria,northern central,gabrovo province,gabrovo municipality,gabrovo,central,village,northern,province,bulgaria,spasovtsi,municipality
The first season of the animated series WordGirl premiered on September 3, 2007, which was originally broadcast on PBS in the United States on September 3, 2007.	united states,series wordgirl,september,series,wordgirl,united,states,season
Santi Sergio e Bacco is a Catholic church of the Byzantine Rite in the rione of Monti in Rome, Italy, located in Piazza Madonna dei Monti.	dei monti,byzantine rite,madonna dei,piazza madonna,catholic church,e bacco,sergio e,santi sergio,monti,sergio,bacco,catholic,church,byzantine,rite,piazza,italy
The Sinner's Prayer is an evangelical Christian term referring to any prayer of repentance, prayed by individuals who feel convicted of the presence of sin in their lives and have the desire to form or renew a personal relationship with God through Jesus Christ.	jesus christ,personal relationship,christian term,evangelical christian,prayer,jesus,relationship,personal,desire,life,presence,individual
Bison is a city in Rush County, Kansas, United States, named for the native large ungulate of the region.	large ungulate,native large,united states,rush county,city,ungulate,rush,large,county,native,kansas,states,united,bison
Ranitomeya sirensis is a species of poison dart frog found in the Amazonian rainforests of northern Bolivia , westernmost Brazil , and eastern Peru.R. sirensis is known as the Sira poison frog.	poison frog,r. sirensis,sira poison,eastern peru,westernmost brazil,northern bolivia,amazonian rainforest,dart frog,poison dart,ranitomeya sirensis,sirensis,poison,frog,westernmost,brazil,bolivia,eastern,northern,peru,rainforest
Crooked Creek Township is one of eight townships in Cumberland County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 422 and it contained 204 housing units.	housing unit,cumberland county,creek township,crooked creek,township,housing,population,creek,census,illinois,county,cumberland,unit
The Right Reverend William Croswell Doane was the 1st Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Albany in the United States.	united states,episcopal diocese,croswell doane,william croswell,reverend william,right reverend,reverend,united,william,albany,croswell,diocese,doane,episcopal,bishop
Sarragachies is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,gers department,commune,southwestern,gers,department,sarragachie,france
Emmanouil Pappas is a village in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	regional unit,serres regional,emmanouil pappas,pappas,unit,village,regional,serres,emmanouil,greece
Duttaphrynus valhallae is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	family bufonidae,duttaphrynus valhallae,valhallae,family,species,toad,duttaphrynus,bufonidae
Parliamentary elections were held in Hungary between 13 and 22 June 1884.	election,hungary,parliamentary,june
The Battle of Ciudad Universitaria took place around the campus of the Complutense University of Madrid between 15 and 23 November 1936, during the Spanish Civil War.	civil war,spanish civil,complutense university,ciudad universitaria,ciudad,civil,universitaria,spanish,place,november,campus,madrid,complutense,university
St Margaret of Antioch Church in Leigh Delamere, Wiltshire, England was built on the site of a previous 12th-century church in 1846 and dedicated to Margaret the Virgin.	century church,leigh delamere,antioch church,st margaret,margaret,church,england,site,wiltshire,previous,delamere,leigh,century
In comparison with the more French-influenced Baden cuisine, Swabian cuisine is rather simple and down-to-earth.	swabian cuisine,baden cuisine,cuisine,french,simple,baden,comparison,earth,swabian
Sherman Township is one of the nineteen townships of Huron County, Ohio, United States.	united states,huron county,sherman township,township,united,ohio,county,huron,states,sherman
Knut Hovel Heiaas is a retired Norwegian football striker who was known for his speed on the first 20 meters.	football striker,norwegian football,retired norwegian,hovel heiaas,knut hovel,hovel,speed,heiaas,striker,retired,football,norwegian,knut,meter
Why the Cuckoo Cries is a 1967 South Korean film directed by Lee Kyu-woong.	lee kyu,korean film,south korean,cuckoo cries,cries,south,korean,film,cuckoo,woong
Govi is a new age/ambient Hawaiian-German musician.	german musician,ambient hawaiian,new age,german,hawaiian,ambient,govi,musician
The Museum of the Qasr Prison is a historical complex in Tehran, Iran.	historical complex,qasr prison,qasr,tehran,prison,complex,historical,museum,iran
Ervatão or Porto de Ervatão is a beach on the southeast coast of the island of Boa Vista in Cape Verde.	cape verde,boa vista,southeast coast,de ervatão,porto de,ervatão,cape,vista,island,coast,southeast,beach,porto
The Infernal Machine, or La Machine Infernale is a French play by the dramatist Jean Cocteau, based on the ancient Greek myth of Oedipus.	greek myth,jean cocteau,ancient greek,dramatist jean,french play,machine infernale,la machine,infernal machine,machine,myth,greek,infernale,ancient,french,cocteau,play,jean,dramatist
Sentein is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,ariège department,commune,southwestern,ariège,department,sentein,france
Paul Bragdon was Reed College’s longest serving President.	college ’s,reed college,paul bragdon,bragdon,reed,college,paul,president
Liu Wanting and Sun Shengnan were the defending champions, having won the event in 2012.	sun shengnan,liu wanting,wanting,champion,shengnan,event
Christopher John Hurford  was a Labor member of the Australian House of Representatives seat of Adelaide from 1969 to 1987.	representatives seat,australian house,labor member,john hurford,christopher john,john,seat,hurford,representatives,labor,house,member,australian,christopher,adelaide
Badger Explorer ASA is a Norwegian company headquartered in Stavanger, Norway.	norwegian company,explorer asa,stavanger,norwegian,company,explorer,norway
Wangjing is a town and a municipal council in Thoubal district in the Indian state of Manipur.	indian state,thoubal district,municipal council,town,state,municipal,indian,council,district,thoubal,wangjing,manipur
The cleftbelly trevally  is a species of tropical marine fish of the jack family, Carangidae.	jack family,marine fish,tropical marine,tropical,family,marine,jack,fish,species,carangidae
Rogier van der Weyden ]) or Roger de la Pasture was an Early Netherlandish painter whose surviving works consist mainly of religious triptychs, altarpieces and commissioned single and diptych portraits.	diptych portrait,religious triptych,netherlandish painter,early netherlandish,roger de,rogier van,diptych,weyden,single,roger,altarpiece,triptych,pasture,religious
National Heroes of Nepal नेपालका राष्ट्रिय विभूतिहरू) is a list of Nepalese people, that also includes those shd	nepalese people,nepal नेपालका,national heroes,heroes,people,nepal,nepalese,नेपालका,list,विभूतिहरू,national
ancient or medieval times, who were selected to their ranks posthumously by a commission headed by famous writer Balkrishna Sama who was appointed by the King Mahendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev, in 1955.	shah dev,bikram shah,bir bikram,mahendra bir,balkrishna sama,king mahendra,writer balkrishna,famous writer,medieval time,medieval,shah,time,bikram,rank,commission,mahendra,famous,king
Ingrid Maria Wetterstrand is a Swedish politician.	swedish politician,maria wetterstrand,ingrid maria,maria,swedish,wetterstrand,ingrid,politician
University Park Historic District is a national historic district located in the University Heights neighborhood of Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	historic district,new york,erie county,national historic,heights neighborhood,university heights,park historic,university park,university,historic,district,county,erie,buffalo,neighborhood,heights,park
My Best Friend's Wedding is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by P.J. Hogan from a screenplay by Ronald Bass.	ronald bass,p.j. hogan,comedy film,romantic comedy,american romantic,good friend,-PRON- good,good,ronald,friend,screenplay,wedding,hogan,american,p.j.,romantic,film
Bożniewice  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	western poland,pomeranian voivodeship,west pomeranian,koszalin county,gmina bobolice,administrative district,village,western,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,pomeranian,bobolice,west
Glenn David Whelan is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championship club Aston Villa and the Republic of Ireland national team.	national team,aston villa,ireland national,club aston,professional footballer,championship club,irish professional,david whelan,glenn david,david,national,whelan,ireland,irish,republic,professional,villa,footballer,aston
Grevillea asteriscosa, commonly known as star-leaf grevillea, is a shrub which is endemic to the south-west region of Western Australia.	western australia,west region,leaf grevillea,grevillea asteriscosa,grevillea,western,region,west,south,endemic,shrub,star,asteriscosa,leaf
Marc was a Belgian professional cycling team that existed from 1978 to 1980.	cycling team,professional cycling,belgian professional,belgian,cycling,professional,marc,team
Constantine Scaramanga-Ralli JP , was a British Liberal Party politician and author.	party politician,liberal party,british liberal,ralli jp,constantine scaramanga,scaramanga,politician,ralli,party,liberal,british,constantine,author
The Celtic nations are territories in western Europe where Celtic languages or cultural traits have survived.	cultural trait,celtic language,western europe,celtic nation,celtic,cultural,language,territory,western,nation,europe,trait
Laurence Bond was a British athlete.	british athlete,laurence bond,bond,british,laurence,athlete
Final results for the Softball competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics:	summer olympics,softball competition,final result,result,summer,softball,competition,final,olympics
 Medals
 Schedule
Starting 17 September, there will be four preliminary games each day until 23 September for a total of 28 games.	september,game,preliminary,total
Genesis is a 2018 Hungarian drama film directed by Árpád Bogdán.	árpád bogdán,drama film,hungarian drama,hungarian,árpád,drama,film,genesis,bogdán
This is a list of Dutch exonyms for towns located in Belgium.	dutch,town,exonym,list,belgium
Serixia curta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,serixia curta,curta,family,species,beetle,serixia,cerambycidae
Greenock and Inverclyde is a constituency of the Scottish Parliament .	inverclyde,scottish,constituency,greenock,parliament
Erlanger is a very deep lunar impact crater that lies close to the Northern pole.	northern pole,impact crater,lunar impact,deep lunar,deep,northern,lunar,crater,impact,erlanger,pole
The Table Tennis Association of Wales   is the national governing body of table tennis in Wales.	table tennis,tennis association,wales,tennis,body,table,national,association
The 2018 Alabama Crimson Tide softball team is an American softball team, representing the University of Alabama for the 2018 NCAA softball season.	softball team,american softball,softball season,tide softball,ncaa softball,crimson tide,alabama crimson,softball,alabama,team,crimson,tide,university,ncaa,american,season
The Catholic University Law Review is a student-run quarterly law review published by the Columbus School of Law .	law review,quarterly law,columbus school,university law,catholic university,review,university,quarterly,school,student,columbus,catholic
Horstead with Stanninghall is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk which is also known as 'The Gateway of The Broads' consisting of the former parishes of Horstead and Stanninghall.	english county,civil parish,parish,norfolk,county,gateway,stanninghall,english,broads,horstead,civil
José Luis Fuentes Bustamante 2 March 1985) is a Venezuelan male artistic gymnast, representing his nation at international competitions.	international competition,artistic gymnast,male artistic,fuentes bustamante,venezuelan male,luis fuentes,josé luis,luis,international,fuentes,nation,bustamante,gymnast,march,artistic,venezuelan,male
James F. Boyce was an American chemist who contributed to the manufacture of soaps and detergents.	american chemist,f. boyce,james f.,soap,boyce,manufacture,american,chemist,james,detergent
Shaoxing North railway station is a railway station of Hangyong Passenger Railway located in Shaoxing, Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.	railway station,passenger railway,hangyong passenger,north railway,railway,republic,people,zhejiang,shaoxing,hangyong,station,passenger,china,north
Kuhsee is a lake in Augsburg-Hochzoll-Süd, Swabia, Bavaria, Germany.	lake,bavaria,augsburg,swabia,hochzoll,kuhsee,germany
Brunton Park is a football stadium and the home of Carlisle United FC. It is situated in the city of Carlisle, Cumbria and has a certified capacity for the 2011/12 season of 18,202.	united fc,carlisle united,football stadium,brunton park,carlisle,park,capacity,football,stadium,cumbria,home,united,city
Kahriz is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	ardabil province,nir county,kuraim district,rural district,mehmandust rural,district,province,village,ardabil,mehmandust,county,rural,iran,kahriz
Woods v WM Car Services Ltd ICR 693 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.	rights act,unfair dismissal,employment rights,law case,labour law,ltd icr,uk labour,services ltd,car services,wm car,rights,employment,services,dismissal,unfair,case
Magor railway station is a former station serving Magor, Monmouthshire, east of the city of Newport and west of Caldicot.	railway station,magor railway,magor,station,west,newport,city,east,monmouthshire,railway,caldicot
Prometheum is a genus of Crassulaceae.	genus,prometheum,crassulaceae
The 2020 National Hurling League will be the 89th season of the National Hurling League for county hurling teams.	hurling league,national hurling,league,county,national,season,hurling,team
Hypertensive encephalopathy is general brain dysfunction due to significantly high blood pressure.	blood pressure,high blood,brain dysfunction,general brain,hypertensive encephalopathy,encephalopathy,blood,general,high,brain,dysfunction,hypertensive,pressure
Union University was formed in Belgrade on 21 June 2005, and represents a public, independent and autonomic higher education institute which, maintaining academic study programs in various scientific and art fields, validates and asserts standard education, studying, evaluation and applying of scientific knowledge and art skills.	art skill,scientific knowledge,standard education,art field,study program,academic study,education institute,high education,autonomic high,union university,education,scientific,university,belgrade,june,public,independent,autonomic,academic
John R. Talbott is an American finance expert, author, commentator, and political analyst.	political analyst,finance expert,american finance,r. talbott,john r.,political,talbott,commentator,american,author,finance,expert,john,analyst
The Saguenay flood was a series of flash floods on July 19 and 20, 1996 that hit the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean region of Quebec, Canada.	jean region,flash flood,saguenay flood,flood,saguenay,quebec,region,jean,saint,series,flash,july
Mimocagosima humeralis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,mimocagosima humeralis,humeralis,family,species,beetle,mimocagosima,cerambycidae
Masao Kida is a former Japanese baseball pitcher.	baseball pitcher,japanese baseball,masao kida,kida,baseball,japanese,masao,pitcher
George Lily was an English Roman Catholic priest, humanist scholar, biographer, topographer and cartographer.	humanist scholar,catholic priest,roman catholic,english roman,george lily,lily,topographer,english,biographer,roman,scholar,catholic,humanist,priest,george
VIP Dance was the first season of the reality show Strictly Come Dancing in Bulgaria.	dance,dancing,season,reality,bulgaria
The Brantford 99ers are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brantford, Ontario, Canada.	hockey team,ice hockey,junior ice,canadian junior,brantford,ontario,junior,canadian,hockey,team,canada
Ismaël Touré was a Guinean political figure and the half brother of President Ahmed Sékou Touré.	sékou touré,ahmed sékou,president ahmed,half brother,political figure,guinean political,ismaël touré,touré,half,brother,figure,president,political,ahmed,guinean,sékou,ismaël
Harris Academy FPRFC is a rugby union club based in Dundee, Scotland, that was founded for the former pupils of Harris Academy on 5 November 1926.	harris academy,academy fprfc,union club,rugby union,academy,club,dundee,union,scotland,rugby,pupil,harris,fprfc,november
The Tarasque is a fearsome legendary dragon-like mythological hybrid from Provence, in southern France, tamed in a story about Saint Martha.	saint martha,southern france,mythological hybrid,like mythological,legendary dragon,fearsome legendary,fearsome,saint,legendary,story,dragon,france,like,southern,mythological,provence
Independent Civic Union , was a political party in Peru founded in 1988 by Francisco Diez Canseco Távara and César Larrabure.	césar larrabure,canseco távara,diez canseco,political party,francisco diez,civic union,independent civic,civic,césar,union,távara,political,canseco,party,diez,peru,francisco
Alonza Benjamin "Al" Bumbry is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Baltimore Orioles and San Diego Padres from 1972 through 1985.	diego padres,san diego,baltimore orioles,baseball outfielder,league baseball,major league,diego,bumbry,major,orioles,league,baltimore,baseball,outfielder
This is a list of Super Hero Squad toys.	squad toy,hero squad,super hero,super,squad,hero,list
Pringy is a former commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes-Auvergne region in south-eastern France.	eastern france,auvergne region,savoie department,commune,eastern,haute,south,savoie,region,department,auvergne,rhône,alpes
Jodie Ferneyhough is the current President of the Canadian Music Publishers Association.	publishers association,music publishers,canadian music,current president,jodie ferneyhough,ferneyhough,publishers,current,music,president,canadian,jodie,association
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a 2018 American computer-animated superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Miles Morales / Spider-Man, produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation in association with Marvel, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing.	pictures animation,sony pictures,miles morales,columbia pictures,character miles,comics character,marvel comics,superhero film,american computer,marvel,spider,sony,pictures,computer,american,miles,superhero,character,verse
Alexander Hamilton Technical and Vocational High School was a former high school in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, New York, named after Alexander Hamilton, chief staff aide to General George Washington, one of the most influential interpreters and promoters of the U.S. Constitution, and the founder of the nation’s financial system as the first United States Secretary of the Treasury.	states secretary,alexander hamilton,high school,united states,u.s. constitution,financial system,influential interpreter,george washington,hamilton technical,general george,hamilton,secretary,states,united,system,financial,nation,founder,constitution,u.s.
Stan Lee was an American comic book writer, editor, publisher, and producer.	book writer,comic book,american comic,stan lee,publisher,american,editor,comic,writer,book,stan,producer
Saligão ) is a census town in North Goa district in the Indian state of Goa.	indian state,goa district,north goa,census town,census,town,north,indian,district,state,saligão
Kokuhaku is the twelfth single by Japanese singer Angela Aki, released on July 11, 2012 in two editions, standard and limited.	angela aki,singer angela,japanese singer,twelfth single,twelfth,standard,single,edition,japanese,july,singer,angela,kokuhaku
Simophis is a genus of snake in the family Colubridae that contains the sole species Simophis rhinostoma.	simophis rhinostoma,specie simophis,sole specie,family colubridae,simophis,family,colubridae,snake,sole,genus,specie,rhinostoma
Vehicle Infrastructure Integration is an initiative fostering research and applications development for a series of technologies directly linking road vehicles to their physical surroundings, first and foremost in order to improve road safety.	road safety,physical surrounding,road vehicle,infrastructure integration,vehicle infrastructure,road,vehicle,research,development,initiative,series,integration,technology,surrounding,infrastructure
The Royal Melbourne Show is an agricultural show held at Melbourne Showgrounds every September.	melbourne showgrounds,royal melbourne,melbourne,showgrounds,show,agricultural,september,royal
Gift wrapping is the act of enclosing a gift in some sort of material.	gift,sort,wrapping,material
The West Chester University Poetry Conference is an international poetry conference that has been held annually since 1995 at West Chester University, Pennsylvania, United States.	poetry conference,chester university,west chester,university poetry,international poetry,united states,university,conference,poetry,united,pennsylvania,chester,west,international,states
Anatrachyntis coridophaga is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.	family cosmopterigidae,anatrachyntis coridophaga,coridophaga,family,moth,anatrachyntis,cosmopterigidae
Esper Konstantinovich Beloselsky-Belozersky was a Prince and sailor from Russia, who represented his native country at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Nynäshamn, Sweden.	summer olympics,native country,konstantinovich beloselsky,esper konstantinovich,konstantinovich,nynäshamn,beloselsky,olympics,belozersky,summer,prince,country,sailor,native
A solemn assembly is a formal and sacred procedure in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints conducted to give added emphasis to the purpose of the occasion.	day saint,jesus christ,sacred procedure,solemn assembly,assembly,purpose,formal,emphasis,sacred,saint,procedure,church,latter
Erin Merryn is the author of Stolen Innocence, Living for Today, and An Unimaginable Act.	unimaginable act,stolen innocence,erin merryn,merryn,unimaginable,author,today,stolen,innocence,erin
Ernemont-la-Villette is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.	northern france,normandy region,maritime department,northern,villette,region,commune,normandy,seine,department,maritime,ernemont
Daro is an union administration of tehsil Mirpur Bathoro, small thick-populated town situated on left bank of Penjary canal of Ghulam Muhammad Barrage about 10 km to the East of Mirpur Bathoro, Thatta District, Sindh, Pakistan.	mirpur bathoro,populated town,left bank,muhammad barrage,penjary canal,ghulam muhammad,thatta district,tehsil mirpur,union administration,mirpur,bathoro,union,sindh,administration,district,penjary,canal,bank,ghulam
Edo Jesualdo Belli was an American modernist architect based in Chicago.	modernist architect,american modernist,jesualdo belli,belli,architect,american,modernist,jesualdo,chicago
Northrop Field was the on-campus stadium of the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team from 1899 to 1923.	football team,gophers football,golden gophers,minnesota golden,campus stadium,northrop field,field,football,campus,gophers,stadium,golden,minnesota,northrop,team
UNAIDS has said that HIV/AIDS in Indonesia is one of Asia's fastest growing epidemics.	fast,aids,asia,indonesia,unaids,epidemic
The first election to Gwynedd County Council was held on 4 May 1995.	county council,gwynedd county,gwynedd,council,county,election
Brass Target is a 1978 American post-World War II suspense film, based on the novel The Algonquin Project by Frederick Nolan, that was produced by Berle Adams & Arthur Lewis and directed by John Hough.	john hough,arthur lewis,berle adams,frederick nolan,suspense film,algonquin project,ii suspense,war ii,world war,american post,target,john,american,lewis,post,arthur,world,adams,berle
Brachycythara turrita, is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	family mangeliidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,extinct specie,brachycythara turrita,turrita,family,extinct,mollusk,specie,gastropod,marine,snail,brachycythara
Viacom International, Inc. v.	international,viacom,inc.
Artem Bobukh is a Ukrainian football defender.	football defender,ukrainian football,artem bobukh,bobukh,football,ukrainian,artem,defender
A Course of Modern Analysis: an introduction to the general theory of infinite processes and of analytic functions; with an account of the principal transcendental functions is a landmark textbook on mathematical analysis written by E. T. Whittaker and G. N. Watson, first published by Cambridge University Press in 1902.	university press,n. watson,cambridge university,g. n.,t. whittaker,e. t.,mathematical analysis,landmark textbook,transcendental function,analytic function,analysis,function,university,cambridge,watson,modern,whittaker
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1991 Pan American Games was held in Havana, Cuba on 8 and 10 August.	american games,pan american,hurdle event,metre hurdle,metre,cuba,hurdle,havana,event,games,american,august
Ankale is a village in Hukkeri Taluk, Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	southern state,belgaum district,hukkeri taluk,village,karnataka,hukkeri,state,taluk,southern,belgaum,district,ankale,india
Woodbury Ski Area is located in Woodbury, Connecticut.	ski area,woodbury ski,woodbury,area,connecticut
Pyrgetos is a village in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	regional unit,larissa regional,village,thessaly,larissa,unit,regional,pyrgetos,greece
Oligella urethralis is a Gram-negative, oxidase-positive, nonfermentative bacterium of the genus Oligella which can cause urosepsis.	genus oligella,nonfermentative bacterium,oligella urethrali,oligella,oxidase,positive,negative,nonfermentative,gram,bacterium,urethrali,genus,urosepsis
The Armed Forces of Yemen includes the Yemen Army , Navy , 1st Armored Division, and the Yemeni Air Force .	air force,yemeni air,armored division,yemen army,armed forces,yemen,yemeni,forces,division,armored,navy,army,force
Henry St George Tucker was an English financier and official of the East India Company.	india company,english financier,east india,george tucker,st george,henry st,india,george,east,tucker,official,english,financier,henry,company
John James Fryatt was an English actor and opera singer best known for his performance in comic character roles.	character role,opera singer,comic character,english actor,james fryatt,john james,james,character,fryatt,comic,english,performance,actor,singer,opera,john
Ectopatria deloptis is a moth of the family Noctuidae.	family noctuidae,ectopatria deloptis,deloptis,family,moth,ectopatria,noctuidae
Zhongshan was a small state that existed during the Warring States period, which managed to survive for almost 120 years despite its small size.	small size,states period,warring states,small state,small,states,warring,period,state,year,zhongshan,size
Free molecular flow describes the fluid dynamics of gas where the mean free path of the molecules is larger than the size of the chamber or of the object under test.	free path,mean free,fluid dynamic,molecular flow,free molecular,free,object,chamber,size,large,molecule,fluid,dynamic,flow
History of West Australia: A Narrative Of Her Past Together With Biographies Of Her Leading Men is a folio size book , compiled by W.B. Kimberly over a period of 18 months, and published in 1897.	w.b. kimberly,size book,folio size,leading men,-PRON- leading,-PRON- past,west australia,-PRON-,period,west,kimberly,w.b.,australia,book,size,folio
Hoseo University is a private Christian university with two campuses; one in Asan, South Korea and the other is in Cheonan, South Korea, known for its large size, 3.471074 km2.	south korea,christian university,large size,private christian,hoseo university,university,korea,south,size,large,private,christian,campus,asan,cheonan
Cleric is an American avant-garde metal band based out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	united states,metal band,american,united,metal,pennsylvania,band,philadelphia,cleric,states
Red Doors is a 2005 American independent film written and directed by Georgia Lee.	georgia lee,independent film,american independent,red doors,doors,georgia,american,film,independent
Stuiver Valley is a high ) hanging valley, largely ice free, between Mount Circe and Mount Dido on the west and Mount Boreas on the east, in the Olympus Range, Victoria Land.	victoria land,olympus range,mount boreas,mount dido,mount circe,ice free,stuiver valley,mount,valley,victoria,range,olympus,east,free,boreas,dido
Chile claims one athlete, Luis Subercaseaux, competed for the nation at the 1896 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,luis subercaseaux,athlete,summer,luis,nation,subercaseaux,chile,olympics
Blagoveshchensk , lit.
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season was a below-average year in which nine tropical storms formed, the fewest since 1997.	tropical storm,average year,hurricane season,atlantic hurricane,hurricane,storm,season,tropical,average,year,atlantic
Portrait of Pier Luigi Farnese is a heavily-damaged 1546 oil on canvas painting of Pier Luigi Farnese, Duke of Parma by Titian, now in Room 2 of the National Museum of Capodimonte.It was produced on the artist's return to Venice from Rome in 1546.	luigi farnese,pier luigi,canvas painting,national museum,pier,farnese,venice,return,artist,capodimonte,museum,national,room,titian
George Benjamin , born Moses Cohen, was an Orangeman and political figure in Upper Canada.	upper canada,political figure,moses cohen,george benjamin,benjamin,upper,moses,figure,cohen,political,orangeman,george,canada
Lena Constante was a Romanian artist, essayist and memoirist, known for her work in stage design and tapestry.	stage design,romanian artist,lena constante,constante,design,romanian,stage,artist,work,essayist,memoirist,lena,tapestry
The Everly Brothers Sing Great Country Hits is an album by The Everly Brothers, originally released in 1963.	everly brothers,country hits,great country,sing great,brothers sing,everly,brothers,sing,great,country,hits,album
The Hồ dynasty was a short-lived six-year reign of two emperors, Hồ Quý Ly in 1400–01 and his second son, Hồ Hán Thương, who reigned from 1401 to 1406.	hán thương,hồ hán,second son,quý ly,hồ quý,year reign,hồ dynasty,year,reign,second,dynasty,emperor
Ninoslav Radovanović is a prominent cardiac surgeon from Serbia.	cardiac surgeon,prominent cardiac,ninoslav radovanović,radovanović,surgeon,prominent,cardiac,ninoslav,serbia
Helen Jackson Frye was an American judge and attorney in the state of Oregon.	american judge,jackson frye,helen jackson,jackson,state,frye,attorney,american,judge,helen,oregon
KBS America is an American television channel operated by the U.S. subsidiary of Korean Broadcasting System, targeting Koreans in North and South America.	south america,broadcasting system,korean broadcasting,u.s. subsidiary,television channel,american television,kbs america,america,korean,subsidiary,broadcasting,u.s.,system,channel,koreans,television,north
Armdale station was a railway station in Armdale, Nova Scotia, Canada.	nova scotia,railway station,armdale station,station,scotia,armdale,nova,railway,canada
The ascidian mitochondrial code is a genetic code found in the mitochondria of Ascidia.	genetic code,mitochondrial code,ascidian mitochondrial,code,mitochondrial,mitochondria,ascidian,ascidia,genetic
Franklin Freeman Randall, known by his stage name Fly Young Red is an American rapper who gained notoriety due to his controversial song "Throw That Boy Pussy".	boy pussy,controversial song,american rapper,young red,fly young,freeman randall,franklin freeman,freeman,randall,song,stage,controversial,notoriety,young,rapper
Frank Anthony Bruni is an American journalist and long-time writer for The New York Times.	york times,new york,time writer,american journalist,anthony bruni,frank anthony,anthony,york,bruni,american,writer,journalist,time,long,frank
Las Tunas is one of the provinces of Cuba.	tunas,province,cuba
Edwin Binney was an American entrepreneur and inventor, who created the first dustless white chalk, and along with his cousin C. Harold Smith , was the founder of handicrafts company Binney and Smith, which marketed his invention of the Crayola crayon.	crayola crayon,company binney,harold smith,handicraft company,c. harold,white chalk,cousin c.,dustless white,american entrepreneur,edwin binney,binney,smith,crayola,white,dustless,chalk,inventor,cousin,invention,entrepreneur
The Judge Felix Poché Plantation House was built in c.	plantation house,poché plantation,felix poché,judge felix,felix,house,poché,plantation,judge
The Mad Ship is a book by American writer Robin Hobb, the second in her Liveship Traders Trilogy.	traders trilogy,robin hobb,liveship traders,writer robin,american writer,mad ship,ship,traders,book,liveship,american,second,writer,hobb,robin
The Islamic University College, Ghana is one of the private universities in Ghana.	private university,university college,islamic university,university,ghana,college,private,islamic
Topolice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	central poland,łódź voivodeship,opoczno county,gmina żarnów,administrative district,village,central,administrative,voivodeship,district,łódź,gmina,county,żarnów,opoczno
Ādesha or Ādeśa means 'an order', 'command' or 'advice', 'instruction', 'precept', 'rule'	ādeśa,instruction,order,advice,command,ādesha,rule
 Meaning
The word, Ādesha appears to be a semantically polyvalent compound representing two homonymous compounds of different origin and formation; it was surmised that ādeśa- in the sense of "substitute" owes its origin to a combination of ā- and deśa-, whereas ādeśa- in the sense of "advice" belongs to the verb ā- diś- "to point out, to teach"; it is the combination of ā- meaning 'toward', and diś meaning 'to show or direct'.	different origin,homonymous compound,polyvalent compound,combination,origin,compound,sense,ādeśa-,ādesha,polyvalent,different,verb,diś-
Epicephala impolliniferens is a moth of the family Gracillariidae.	family gracillariidae,epicephala impolliniferen,impolliniferen,family,moth,epicephala,gracillariidae
Armageddon was the sixth Armageddon professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .	wrestling entertainment,world wrestling,view event,wrestling pay,professional wrestling,armageddon professional,sixth armageddon,wrestling,armageddon,professional,view,event,world,sixth,entertainment
Bogoria Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	central poland,łódź voivodeship,łowicz county,gmina zduny,administrative district,bogoria górna,górna,central,village,voivodeship,administrative,łódź,district,county,gmina,łowicz
The Great Good Place is a short story by Henry James, first published in Scribner's Magazine in 1900.	henry james,short story,good place,great good,good,scribner,place,james,short,henry,story,great,magazine
Credit Suisse International v Stichting Vestia Groep EWHC 3103  was a decision of the High Court of Justice relating to the doctrine of ultra vires and the effect of contractual representations made under an ISDA Master Agreement on the doctrine.	master agreement,isda master,contractual representation,ultra vis,high court,groep ewhc,vestia groep,suisse international,credit suisse,doctrine,suisse,international,vestia,groep,ewhc,decision,high,contractual,representation
Crime in the U.S. state of Virginia has generally decreased from 2008 to 2014.	u.s.,state,crime,virginia
The PenPoint OS was a product of GO Corporation and was one of the earliest operating systems written specifically for graphical tablets and personal digital assistants.	digital assistant,personal digital,graphical tablet,operating system,early operating,go corporation,penpoint os,digital,product,personal,tablet,corporation,graphical,early,system
The American marten or American pine marten is a North American member of the family Mustelidae, sometimes referred to as the pine marten.	pine marten,american member,north american,family mustelidae,american pine,american marten,american,pine,marten,family,mustelidae,member,north
Coleophora irinella is a moth of the family Coleophoridae.	family coleophoridae,coleophora irinella,irinella,family,moth,coleophora,coleophoridae
The Burkinabe ambassador in Paris is the official representative of the Government in Ouagadougou to the Government of France.	official representative,burkinabe ambassador,government,ambassador,paris,representative,official,burkinabe,ouagadougou,france
The Smothers Brothers are Thomas and Richard , American folk singers, musicians, and comedians.	folk singer,american folk,smothers brothers,brothers,musician,thomas,singer,richard,folk,american,smothers,comedian
The Catafalque of Philip IV of Spain was a large temporary catafalque built on the death of Philip IV of Spain in 1665 in the nave of Santa Maria Maggiore, Rome, Italy.	philip iv,temporary catafalque,large temporary,maria maggiore,santa maria,spain,catafalque,philip,rome,maggiore,maria,santa,nave,large,temporary
The 1946 Giro d'Italia was the 29th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport.	giro d'italia,dello sport,gazzetta dello,la gazzetta,newspaper la,cycling race,d'italia,dello,gazzetta,newspaper,race,cycling,edition,giro
MS Westerdam is a Vista Class cruise ship owned by Holland America Line.	america line,holland america,cruise ship,class cruise,vista class,ms westerdam,westerdam,america,vista,holland,class,ship,cruise,line
The Kwisa  is a river in south-western Poland, a left tributary of the Bóbr, which itself is a left tributary of the Oder river.	left tributary,oder river,western poland,river,left,tributary,south,western,poland,oder,bóbr,kwisa
Collorec is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	western france,finistère department,commune,western,finistère,north,department,brittany,collorec,france
András "André" Simonyi was a Hungarian-born French footballer who played for Lille OSC, FC Sochaux, Red Star 93, Rennes, Angers SCO, Stade Français and CO Roubaix-Tourcoing, as well as with the French national side.	french national,co roubaix,stade français,angers sco,red star,fc sochaux,lille osc,french footballer,french,andré,simonyi,rennes,star,angers,sochaux
Heat Guy J is a 26 episode science fiction anime series created by Escaflowne director Kazuki Akane and Satelight.	kazuki akane,director kazuki,anime series,escaflowne director,fiction anime,science fiction,episode science,guy j,heat guy,akane,kazuki,episode,director,science,escaflowne,fiction,series
The 12721/12722 Dakshin Express is a superfast express train belonging to Indian Railways that runs between Hyderabad Decan/Visakhapatnam and Hazrat Nizamuddin in India.	hazrat nizamuddin,hyderabad decan,indian railways,express train,superfast express,dakshin express,express,nizamuddin,dakshin,hazrat,visakhapatnam,train,decan,indian,hyderabad,railways
Daifallah Bouramiya is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fourth district.	fourth district,national assembly,kuwaiti national,daifallah bouramiya,bouramiya,fourth,member,assembly,kuwaiti,national,daifallah,district
Somebody Else’s Prince belongs to a collection of short stories, named The Other Side of the Sun, written by Evelyn Sharp in 1900.	evelyn sharp,other side,short story,somebody else,else,evelyn,prince,collection,side,short,other,story,somebody
Anisotenes dracontodonta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	family tortricidae,anisotene dracontodonta,dracontodonta,family,species,moth,anisotene,tortricidae
The 88th Battalion, CEF was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War.	world war,first world,expeditionary force,canadian expeditionary,battalion,world,first,unit,force,canadian,expeditionary
Lieser is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	wittlich district,collective municipality,municipality,palatinate,rhineland,district,ortsgemeinde,wittlich,bernkastel,kind,verbandsgemeinde,collective
Robert G. Bailey is an American geographer.	american geographer,g. bailey,robert g.,american,bailey,robert,geographer
Frierson is a surname.	frierson,surname
Finchley Road is a London Underground station at the corner of Finchley Road and Canfield Gardens in the London Borough of Camden, north London.	finchley road,north london,underground station,london underground,london borough,canfield gardens,london,road,corner,station,finchley,camden,underground,canfield,borough,north
This article documents the career of Winston Churchill in Parliament from its beginning in 1900 to the start of his term as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in World War II.	war ii,world war,united kingdom,prime minister,winston churchill,career,winston,world,churchill,kingdom,parliament,united,beginning,minister
Churchill entered Parliament as member for Oldham in 1900 as a Conservative.	parliament,oldham,member,churchill,conservative
Evius venusta is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.	subfamily arctiinae,evius venusta,venusta,subfamily,moth,evius,arctiinae
Nicklas Kulti and Magnus Larsson were the defending champions, but lost in second round to Lan Bale and John-Laffnie de Jager.	lan bale,second round,magnus larsson,nicklas kulti,kulti,laffnie,magnus,john,larsson,bale,champion,second,round
The 2011 Asian Archery Championships was the 17th edition of the Asian Archery Championships.	archery championships,asian archery,asian,archery,championships,edition
The World Commission on Protected Areas 's High Seas Task Force spans decades.	span decade,force span,task force,seas task,high seas,protected areas,world commission,commission,span,protected,force,areas,task,high,seas,world,decade
Canzar is a town and commune of Angola, located in the province of Lunda Norte.	town,lunda,commune,province,angola,canzar,norte
The following are some of the terms used in the 1632 series.	term,series
Asia Racing Team is a Chinese / Macanese motor racing team that was formed in 2003.	racing team,macanese motor,motor racing,asia racing,racing,chinese,macanese,team,motor,asia
Deep in My Heart is a 1954 MGM biographical musical film about the life of operetta composer Sigmund Romberg, who wrote the music for The Student Prince, The Desert Song, and The New Moon, among others.	new moon,desert song,sigmund romberg,student prince,composer sigmund,musical film,operetta composer,biographical musical,mgm biographical,-PRON- heart,-PRON-,heart,song,desert,biographical,prince,musical,student
KREG-TV, virtual channel 32 , is a Heroes & Icons-affiliated television station licensed to Glenwood Springs, Colorado, United States.	united states,glenwood springs,television station,virtual channel,united,virtual,colorado,channel,springs,heroes,glenwood,icons,station
James Richard Steinman is an American composer, lyricist, and Grammy Award-winning record producer responsible for many hit songs.	producer responsible,record producer,grammy award,american composer,richard steinman,james richard,richard,responsible,steinman,producer,american,record,composer,award,lyricist,grammy
Hiroshi Okamoto is a Japanese voice actor.	voice actor,japanese voice,hiroshi okamoto,okamoto,voice,japanese,hiroshi,actor
Chauliognathus deceptus is a species of soldier beetle in the family Cantharidae.	family cantharidae,soldier beetle,species,family,soldier,beetle,chauliognathus,cantharidae
Marianowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	central poland,poland voivodeship,greater poland,szamotuły county,gmina wronki,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,wronki,szamotuły,county,greater,west
Two special elections for Manila's 1st district's seat in the Philippine Assembly were held on 1908.	philippine assembly,special election,election,philippine,manila,seat,district,special,assembly
Norman K. Moon is an American judge.	american judge,k. moon,norman k.,american,moon,norman,judge
In enzymology, a phenylacetyl-CoA dehydrogenase is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction	chemical reaction,coa dehydrogenase,phenylacetyl,chemical,enzyme,dehydrogenase,enzymology,reaction
phenylacetyl-CoA + H2O + 2 quinone 	phenylacetyl,quinone
  {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }	\displaystyle,\rightleftharpoon
  phenylglyoxylyl-CoA + 2 quinolThe 3 substrates of this enzyme are phenylacetyl-CoA, H2O, and quinone, whereas its two products are phenylglyoxylyl-CoA and quinol.	substrate,enzyme,quinone,product,phenylglyoxylyl,quinolthe,phenylacetyl,quinol
Jean-Pierre Wolf is a French and Swiss physicist and biophotonics expert and a Professor at the Applied Physics Department of the University of Geneva.He is working with Jérôme Kasparian on laser beams to control the weather.	laser beam,physics department,jérôme kasparian,applied physics,biophotonic expert,swiss physicist,pierre wolf,pierre,beam,wolf,laser,french,kasparian,swiss,jérôme,physicist,geneva
In the Beauty of the Lilies is a 1996 novel by John Updike.	lilies,john,novel,beauty,updike
The New Zealand Church Missionary Society is a mission society working within the Anglican Communion and Protestant, Evangelical Anglicanism.	evangelical anglicanism,anglican communion,mission society,missionary society,church missionary,zealand church,new zealand,society,evangelical,zealand,protestant,church,communion,missionary,anglican,anglicanism
The 1975 NBA World Championship Series was the championship round of the 1974–75 NBA season of the National Basketball Association.	basketball association,national basketball,nba season,championship series,world championship,nba world,championship,basketball,national,season,world,association,series
Parvicaecilia nicefori is a species of amphibian in the family Caeciliidae.	family caeciliidae,parvicaecilia nicefori,nicefori,family,species,amphibian,parvicaecilia,caeciliidae
USS Dale W. Peterson was an Edsall class destroyer escort, the first United States Navy ship so named.	navy ship,states navy,destroyer escort,united states,class destroyer,w. peterson,edsall class,dale w.,uss dale,dale,navy,states,peterson,united,edsall,escort,class,destroyer
Barbour Brook is a river in Delaware County, New York.	new york,delaware county,barbour brook,brook,river,county,delaware,barbour,york
Gora Veternička is a village in Croatia.	veternička,village,gora,croatia
Fairy Tale is the third studio album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki.	mai kuraki,artist mai,studio album,fairy tale,tale,studio,artist,album,japanese,fairy,kuraki
State Route 209 is a 17.5-mile-long state highway in Lauderdale County in the western portion of the U.S. state of Tennessee.	u.s. state,western portion,lauderdale county,state highway,long state,state route,state,county,western,lauderdale,portion,highway,u.s.,route,long,tennessee
Nahal Alexander is a river in Israel that flows from the western side of the Samaria mountain belt in the West Bank to the Mediterranean Sea, north of Netanya.	mediterranean sea,west bank,mountain belt,samaria mountain,nahal alexander,alexander,north,river,israel,mediterranean,western,bank,samaria,west
Book Club Associates was a mail-order and online book selling company in the United Kingdom.	united kingdom,online book,club associates,book club,book,united,company,mail,associates,order,club,online,kingdom
Lorenzo Ratti (c.	ratti,lorenzo
Gorgin is an Iranian hero in Shahnameh, during the reigns of Kay Kavus and Kay Khosrow.	kay khosrow,kay kavus,iranian hero,iranian,hero,reign,shahnameh,gorgin,kavus,khosrow
Mira Angrist is a Hebrew language and Jewish culture specialist.	culture specialist,jewish culture,hebrew language,mira angrist,angrist,culture,hebrew,jewish,language,mira,specialist
Rainbow Prelude is a manga by Osamu Tezuka, and also the name of one of his books in Kodansha's line of "Osamu Tezuka Manga Complete Works" books, contains a collection of Tezuka's short stories.	short story,complete works,manga complete,osamu tezuka,rainbow prelude,tezuka,book,manga,osamu,prelude,short,complete,works,line,kodansha
Marina di Giacomo is an Argentine field hockey player.	hockey player,field hockey,argentine field,giacomo,hockey,argentine,field,marina,player
Faristenia cornutivalvaris is a moth in the family Gelechiidae.	family gelechiidae,faristenia cornutivalvaris,cornutivalvaris,family,moth,faristenia,gelechiidae
Jacques Bilodeau is a Canadian former diplomat.	bilodeau,canadian,jacques,diplomat
Clark Lannerdahl Brundin is a former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Warwick, former President of Templeton College, and currently an Oxford councillor.	oxford councillor,templeton college,lannerdahl brundin,clark lannerdahl,lannerdahl,oxford,brundin,college,vice,templeton,chancellor,president,university,warwick
Desert Prince is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.	thoroughbred racehorse,desert prince,prince,racehorse,irish,thoroughbred,british,desert,sire
The Claxton Shield is an annual competition held by the Australian Baseball Federation.	baseball federation,australian baseball,annual competition,claxton shield,shield,baseball,annual,australian,competition,claxton,federation
Llay Welfare Football Club is a Welsh football club formed in 1930–31.	football club,welsh football,welfare football,llay welfare,football,welfare,club,welsh,llay
D 75 , also known as Sheikh Rashid Road or Al Qutaeyat Road, is a road in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	arab emirates,qutaeyat road,united arab,al qutaeyat,rashid road,sheikh rashid,road,arab,sheikh,united,rashid,dubai,qutaeyat,emirates
Acraea oncaea, the window acraea, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.	family nymphalidae,window acraea,acraea oncaea,acraea,family,butterfly,oncaea,window,nymphalidae
Lebensrückblick is an autobiographical text written by Lou Andreas-Salomé and compiled by Ernst Pfeiffer, who edited and published Andreas-Salomé's literary remains in 1951, some 15 years after her death.	literary remain,ernst pfeiffer,lou andreas,autobiographical text,andreas,salomé,autobiographical,year,text,remain,literary,ernst,pfeiffer
Reynoutria multiflora is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family Polygonaceae.	family polygonaceae,buckwheat family,reynoutria multiflora,multiflora,family,species,buckwheat,plant,reynoutria,polygonaceae
SSE4 is a SIMD CPU instruction set used in the Intel Core microarchitecture and AMD K10 .	core microarchitecture,intel core,instruction set,cpu instruction,simd cpu,simd,microarchitecture,instruction,core,intel
Cornelius A. "Cees" Bakker is a retired football referee and referee observer from the Netherlands.	referee observer,football referee,retired football,cornelius a.,referee,cees,observer,bakker,retired,football,cornelius,netherlands
Porsche Carrera Cup Scandinavia is a one make sports car racing championship held in the Scandinavian countries with the majority of the races being in Sweden.	scandinavian country,racing championship,car racing,cup scandinavia,sport car,carrera cup,porsche carrera,carrera,race,majority,scandinavia,country,sport,scandinavian,championship
Jean de Fiennes is a sculpture by the French artist Auguste Rodin, first produced between 1885 and 1886.	auguste rodin,artist auguste,french artist,de fiennes,jean de,auguste,fiennes,artist,sculpture,french,jean,rodin
Korendijk listen  is a municipality on the Hoeksche Waard Island in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	south holland,western netherlands,waard island,hoeksche waard,municipality,south,hoeksche,province,waard,netherlands,island,western,korendijk,holland
Agyneta aquila is a species of sheet weaver found in Canada.	sheet weaver,agyneta aquila,aquila,weaver,species,sheet,agyneta,canada
Bareh Kheyreh is a village in Boluran Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	lorestan province,kuhdasht county,gonbad district,e gonbad,rural district,boluran rural,bareh kheyreh,district,kheyreh,province,village,lorestan,boluran,county,rural,kuhdasht
The Sharif Group of Companies is a Pakistani agricultural conglomerate company based in Lahore, Pakistan.	conglomerate company,agricultural conglomerate,pakistani agricultural,sharif group,group,lahore,companies,company,pakistani,conglomerate,agricultural,sharif,pakistan
The Passion of New Eve is a novel by Angela Carter, first published in 1977.	angela carter,new eve,angela,novel,passion,carter
Pterostylis pratensis, commonly known as the Liawenee greenhood, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to Tasmania.	family orchidaceae,orchid family,liawenee greenhood,pterostylis pratensis,pratensis,endemic,liawenee,orchidaceae,greenhood,family,plant,orchid,pterostylis,tasmania
The Pall Mall Budget was a weekly magazine published in London from 1868 until 1920.	weekly magazine,mall budget,pall mall,mall,magazine,budget,weekly,pall,london
Miss Venezuela is a national beauty pageant in Venezuela.	beauty pageant,national beauty,miss venezuela,venezuela,beauty,national,pageant,miss
Microsatellite enrichment is a method in molecular biology used for enriching the amount of microsatellite sequences in a DNA sample.	dna sample,microsatellite sequence,molecular biology,microsatellite enrichment,microsatellite,sequence,method,molecular,enrichment,biology,sample
Janseola titaea is a moth in the family Heterogynidae.	family heterogynidae,janseola titaea,titaea,family,moth,janseola,heterogynidae
Hip replacement is a surgical procedure performed in dogs and cats as a salvage procedure, to alleviate severe pain in the hip due to, for example, hip dysplasia or irreparable bone fracture.	bone fracture,irreparable bone,severe pain,hip dysplasia,salvage procedure,surgical procedure,hip replacement,procedure,bone,irreparable,dysplasia,replacement,pain,surgical,severe
Radiocarbon dating measurements produce ages in "radiocarbon years", which must be converted to calendar ages by a process called calibration.	calendar age,radiocarbon year,radiocarbon,process,calendar,year,measurement,calibration
Metsavan , is a major village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	lori province,major village,major,province,village,lori,metsavan,armenia
David Everett Ferrier was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, "Gigolo" Jimmy Del Ray.	del ray,professional wrestler,jimmy del,american professional,everett ferrier,david everett,everett,ferrier,jimmy,american,gigolo,professional,ring,wrestler,david
Taylor Campbell Rochestie is an American-born naturalized Montenegrin professional basketball for Anhui Dragons of the Chinese Basketball Association.	basketball association,chinese basketball,anhui dragons,professional basketball,montenegrin professional,campbell rochestie,taylor campbell,basketball,campbell,rochestie,american,montenegrin,professional,dragons,anhui,chinese,taylor
Óscar Miró Quesada de la Guerra also known as Racso, was a prominent Peruvian scientific journalist.	scientific journalist,peruvian scientific,miró quesada,prominent peruvian,óscar miró,miró,scientific,quesada,peruvian,guerra,prominent,racso,óscar,journalist
Wola Korzeniecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,subcarpathian voivodeship,przemyśl county,gmina bircza,administrative district,wola korzeniecka,korzeniecka,eastern,village,south,administrative,voivodeship,district,subcarpathian,gmina,county
Derealan is a village in the District of Merzifon, Amasya Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,amasya,merzifon,derealan,turkey
HD 34626, also known as MZ Aurigae, is an unusual variable star in the northern constellation of Auriga.	northern constellation,variable star,unusual variable,mz aurigae,constellation,aurigae,northern,unusual,star,variable,auriga
François Ludo was a French football player.	football player,french football,françois ludo,ludo,football,french,françois,player
Psychosocial is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot.	metal band,heavy metal,american heavy,song,metal,american,heavy,psychosocial,band
Ferdows Hot Spring or Ferdows Warm Spring is a hot mineral spring located about 20 km north of Ferdows in eastern Iran, near an inactive volcano.	inactive volcano,eastern iran,mineral spring,hot mineral,warm spring,ferdows warm,hot spring,ferdows hot,spring,inactive,ferdows,iran,eastern,ferdow,warm,mineral
Bernadett Ferling is a former Hungarian handball player who played for Dunaújvárosi NKS and the Hungarian national team.	national team,hungarian national,dunaújvárosi nks,handball player,hungarian handball,bernadett ferling,hungarian,ferling,national,player,dunaújvárosi,handball,bernadett,team
Myrdal Station is a mountain railway station and junction, located on the Bergen Line regional mainline in Aurland, Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.	regional mainline,line regional,railway station,bergen line,mountain railway,myrdal station,station,fjordane,sogn,aurland,mainline,regional,line,bergen,junction,mountain
The critical positivity ratio is a largely discredited concept in positive psychology positing an exact ratio of positive to negative emotions which distinguishes "flourishing" people from "languishing" people.	negative emotion,exact ratio,positive psychology,positivity ratio,critical positivity,ratio,positive,positivity,people,emotion,negative,exact,psychology,concept,critical
Robert B. "Bert" Clark, Jr.	clark,bert,robert
William Noble Andrews was a Congressman for the 1st congressional district of Maryland who served one term from 1919 to 1921.	congressional district,noble andrews,william noble,noble,maryland,andrews,district,congressman,congressional,william,term
Tetrafylia is a former municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	regional unit,arta regional,municipality,epirus,arta,unit,regional,tetrafylia,greece
RMS Ivernia was a Saxonia class ocean liner, built in 1955 by John Brown & Company in Clydebank, Scotland for Cunard Line, for their transatlantic passenger service between the UK and Canada.	passenger service,transatlantic passenger,cunard line,john brown,ocean liner,class ocean,saxonia class,rms ivernia,ivernia,saxonia,service,class,passenger,ocean,transatlantic,liner,line
Wolsingham is a small market town in Weardale, County Durham, England.	county durham,market town,small market,small,durham,market,county,town,weardale,wolsingham,england
Patricio Javier Gutiérrez Olivos is a Chilean footballer.	chilean footballer,gutiérrez olivos,javier gutiérrez,patricio javier,javier,chilean,gutiérrez,olivos,patricio,footballer
Dompierre-sur-Héry is a former commune in the Nièvre department in central France.	central france,nièvre department,central,héry,department,commune,nièvre,dompierre,france
John Brydges, 1st Baron Chandos was an English Member of Parliament and later peer.	english member,baron chandos,john brydges,brydges,parliament,member,baron,english,chandos,john,peer
Acrobasis texana is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis.	genus acrobasis,snout moth,acrobasis texana,acrobasis,texana,species,snout,moth,genus
The 2011 season was IFK Göteborg's 106th in existence, their 79th season in Allsvenskan and their 35th consecutive season in the league.	consecutive season,ifk göteborg,season,göteborg,existence,allsvenskan,consecutive,league
Weronika Wedler is a Polish sprint athlete.	sprint athlete,polish sprint,weronika wedler,wedler,sprint,polish,weronika,athlete
Altes Theater is a theatre in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	theater,württemberg,theatre,baden,altes,germany
At least two ships of the French Navy have been named Laplace:	french,navy,ship,laplace
Erwitte is a town in the district of Soest, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	town,westphalia,district,rhine,soest,north,erwitte,germany
Eugene Spiro, born Eugen Spiro was a German and American painter.	american painter,eugen spiro,eugene spiro,spiro,american,german,painter,eugene,eugen
Sir Tatton Sykes, 5th Baronet was an English landowner, racehorse breeder, church-builder and eccentric.He was the elder son of Sir Tatton Sykes, 4th Baronet and Mary Ann Foulis, and succeeded to the Sykes baronetcy on his father's death in 1863.	sir tatton,tatton sykes,sykes baronetcy,ann foulis,english landowner,racehorse breeder,mary ann,elder son,sykes,baronet,father,builder,church,eccentric,breeder,elder,racehorse
Henry Yarnold, known as Hugo , was an English first-class cricketer who became a Test cricket umpire.	cricket umpire,test cricket,class cricketer,henry yarnold,yarnold,cricket,hugo,test,english,cricketer,class,henry,umpire
Ceroplesis suturalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,ceroplesis suturalis,suturalis,family,species,beetle,ceroplesis,cerambycidae
Laura Tanguy is a French beauty pageant contestant who was elected second runner-up of Miss France 2008.	miss france,second runner,pageant contestant,beauty pageant,french beauty,laura tanguy,tanguy,miss,french,runner,beauty,second,pageant,contestant,laura,france
Monochamus fascioguttatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,monochamus fascioguttatus,fascioguttatus,family,species,beetle,monochamus,cerambycidae
Takasue's daughter, or Sugawara no Takasue no musume , was a Japanese author.	takasue,japanese,musume,daughter,sugawara,author
The Beginning of the Twist is the first single from The Futureheads' third album This Is Not the World.	twist,album,single,futureheads,beginning,world
The Martin Farm is a historic farmhouse at 121 Martin Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.	martin street,historic farmhouse,martin farm,martin,rehoboth,street,historic,farm,farmhouse,massachusetts
Sidmach Technologies Nigeria Limited commonly referred to as Sidmach is a Nigerian indigenous information technology company with its headquarters in Lagos State Nigeria and other branches in Port Harcourt and Abuja.	port harcourt,state nigeria,technology company,lagos state,information technology,indigenous information,nigeria limited,nigerian indigenous,technologies nigeria,sidmach technologies,nigeria,sidmach,harcourt,port,technology,company,information,headquarters,indigenous,lagos
The 2004-2005 Barangay Ginebra Kings season was the 26th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association .	basketball association,philippine basketball,kings season,ginebra kings,barangay ginebra,season,basketball,ginebra,philippine,kings,franchise,association,barangay
Omid A. Payrow Shabani is an Iranian philosopher and Professor of Philosophy at the University of Guelph.	iranian philosopher,payrow shabani,a. payrow,omid a.,university,payrow,philosophy,shabani,professor,iranian,philosopher,omid,guelph
The Ridah is the ninth studio album of US rapper Spice 1.	rapper spice,us rapper,studio album,ninth studio,ninth,rapper,studio,album,ridah,spice
En aventurier (French, lit.	aventurier,french
The Trans-European Transport Networks are a planned set of road, rail, air and water transport networks in the European Union.	european union,water transport,planned set,transport networks,european transport,european,transport,road,rail,planned,networks,water,network
Dulari  was an Indian film actress, who worked as character actor in Hindi cinema, appearing in 135 films, most notably Jab Pyar Kisi Se Hota Hai , Mujhe Jeene Do , Teesri Kasam , Padosan and Deewaar .	teesri kasam,jeene do,mujhe jeene,hota hai,se hota,kisi se,hindi cinema,pyar kisi,jab pyar,character actor,film,padosan,kasam,teesri,indian,jeene,mujhe,hota
Mourad Benhamida is a French footballer who plays as defender for French lower league side Vaulx-en-Velin FC.	velin fc,low league,french low,french footballer,mourad benhamida,french,velin,vaulx,benhamida,league,footballer,defender,mourad
 Career
 Olympique Lyon 	olympique,lyon
Born in Villeurbanne, Rhône, Benhamida was trained in the youth sections and player development program of Olympique Lyon.He was known for his prowess in the ranks of the Olympique Lyon's junior amateur team, playing in the CFA 2 that he captained.	olympique lyon,amateur team,junior amateur,development program,player development,youth section,lyon,olympique,rhône,team,benhamida,youth,amateur,section,player,development
Anaxarcha acuta is a species of praying mantis found in India.	acuta,mantis,species,anaxarcha,india
Tom Yuill was the second man on the Avondale Heather CC during the World Curling Championships known as the 1960 Scotch Cup.	scotch cup,curling championships,world curling,heather cc,avondale heather,second man,tom yuill,yuill,scotch,second,championships,curling,avondale,world,heather
War on Time is the first studio album by Australian indie pop band Angelas Dish, released on 23 February 2008.	angelas dish,band angelas,pop band,indie pop,australian indie,studio album,time,dish,studio,angelas,album,band,australian,indie
The Filmfare Award for Best Story is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films, to recognise a writer who wrote a film's story.	hindi film,filmfare awards,annual filmfare,best story,filmfare,film,story,hindi,awards,award,best,writer,annual
The Plastic Bank, a for profit organization founded in Vancouver, Canada in May 2013 by David Katz and Shaun Frankson, has the stated mission of reducing the amount of plastic waste in the environment while also helping to alleviate poverty in developing countries.	plastic waste,shaun frankson,david katz,profit organization,plastic bank,plastic,poverty,environment,canada,david,vancouver,katz,waste,organization
The Penrose Annual was a London-based review of graphic arts, printed nearly annually from 1895 to 1982.Penrose began in 1895 as Process Work Yearbook – Penrose's Annual.	work yearbook,process work,graphic art,penrose annual,penrose,annual,london,review,graphic,process,work,yearbook
Too Late to Turn Back Now is the 1972 follow-up single of Cornelius Brothers & Sister Rose to their debut hit "Treat Her Like a Lady".	sister rose,cornelius brothers,follow,debut,single,rose,cornelius,sister,brothers,late,lady
Geum macrophyllum, commonly known as largeleaf avens or large-leaved avens is a flowering plant found from the Arctic south to the northern U.S. states, and in the Rocky Mountains and west to the Sierra Nevada in California and as far south as Northwestern Mexico.	northwestern mexico,sierra nevada,rocky mountains,u.s. state,northern u.s.,arctic south,largeleaf aven,geum macrophyllum,aven,northwestern,macrophyllum,california,nevada,sierra,west,largeleaf,mountains,rocky
Xavier Ract-Madoux was a French hydraulician.	french hydraulician,xavier ract,ract,french,madoux,xavier,hydraulician
Trichophagia is the compulsive eating of hair associated with trichotillomania .	compulsive,hair,eating,trichophagia,trichotillomania
Nicky Hofs is a former Dutch football midfielder who played most of his career for Vitesse Arnhem.	vitesse arnhem,football midfielder,dutch football,nicky hofs,hofs,vitesse,dutch,career,football,midfielder,nicky,arnhem
Mark A. Calabria is the chief economist for Vice President Mike Pence.	mike pence,president mike,vice president,chief economist,a. calabria,mark a.,mike,calabria,president,chief,vice,economist,mark,pence
Petrus Jurgen Visser  is a South African rugby union footballer whose usual position is full back.	usual position,union footballer,rugby union,african rugby,south african,jurgen visser,petrus jurgen,jurgen,usual,visser,footballer,south,union,african,rugby,petrus,position
George B. Guinnip was an American merchant and politician from New York.	new york,american merchant,b. guinnip,george b.,guinnip,politician,american,merchant,george,york
The Legendary Zing Album is the debut studio album by American soul-disco group, The Trammps, released in 1975 through Buddah Records.	buddah records,disco group,american soul,studio album,debut studio,zing album,legendary zing,album,buddah,trammps,group,zing,disco,soul,american,debut,studio
The official Transformers Hall of Fame was created by Hasbro to honor the most distinguished people behind the Transformers toy and entertainment franchise, along with some of the more popular Transformers characters.	transformers character,entertainment franchise,popular transformers,transformers toy,distinguished people,transformers hall,official transformers,transformers,hasbro,fame,distinguished,entertainment,franchise,hall,people,popular
Albert Sukop was a German footballer who played for Eintracht Braunschweig.	eintracht braunschweig,german footballer,albert sukop,sukop,eintracht,german,footballer,albert,braunschweig
The 1897 Harvard Crimson football team represented Harvard University in the 1897 college football season.	football season,college football,harvard university,football team,crimson football,harvard crimson,football,harvard,college,university,crimson,team,season
Cumbria Partnership NHS Foundation Trust provides mental health and community services in Cumbria, England.	community service,mental health,foundation trust,nhs foundation,partnership nhs,cumbria partnership,cumbria,trust,mental,foundation,health,community,partnership,service,england
Dipicolylamine is an organic compound with the formula HN2.	organic compound,organic,formula,compound,dipicolylamine
Chan Kwok-keung, JP was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 1998–2004 for the Labour constituency.	labour constituency,hong kong,legislative council,chan kwok,kwok,labour,keung,kong,hong,member,council,legislative,chan
Cyprus has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 35 times since making its debut in 1981.	song contest,eurovision song,eurovision,time,song,contest,cyprus,debut
Mohamed Yahi is an Algerian footballer.	algerian footballer,mohamed yahi,yahi,algerian,mohamed,footballer
Nemoura is a genus of spring stoneflies in the family Nemouridae.	family nemouridae,spring stonefly,genus,family,spring,stonefly,nemoura,nemouridae
Rama Subramaniam Gandhi is a retired deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India.	reserve bank,deputy governor,retired deputy,subramaniam gandhi,rama subramaniam,subramaniam,bank,gandhi,reserve,retired,governor,deputy,rama,india
The men's discus throw competition of the athletics events at the 2011 Pan American Games took place on the 24 of October at the Telmex Athletics Stadium.	athletics stadium,american games,telmex athletics,pan american,athletic event,throw competition,discus throw,discus,athletics,throw,telmex,competition,october,athletic,place,event,games
Mettler is a surname.	mettler,surname
Christopher Mamengi is a Dutch football player who plays as defender for Jong FC Utrecht in Eerste divisie.	eerste divisie,fc utrecht,football player,jong fc,dutch football,christopher mamengi,mamengi,eerste,dutch,utrecht,football,player,jong,defender,christopher
PKU Healthcare Corp., Ltd.	healthcare corp.,pku healthcare,healthcare,corp.,ltd.
Ehrwald is a municipality in the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	municipality,state,district,austrian,reutte,ehrwald,tyrol
The C. Bascom Slemp Federal Building, also known as the Big Stone Gap Post Office and U.S. Post Office and Courthouse, is a historic courthouse and post office building located in Big Stone Gap, Wise County, Virginia.	post office,stone gap,big stone,u.s. post,gap post,historic courthouse,office building,federal building,wise county,slemp federal,office,building,post,bascom,county,slemp,courthouse,wise,federal
Kyōroku was a Japanese era name after Daiei and before Tenbun.	japanese,daiei,kyōroku,tenbun
Grafton Bond Store is a heritage-listed former bond store and warehouse and now offices located at 60 Hickson Road, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia.	south wales,bond store,new south,government area,local government,millers point,sydney local,sydney suburb,city sydney,inner city,bond,store,sydney,city,wales,south,area,government,hickson
Natalie Katherine Neidhart-Wilson is a Canadian-American professional wrestler and columnist currently signed to WWE under the ring name Natalya, performing on the Raw brand.	raw brand,professional wrestler,american professional,katherine neidhart,natalie katherine,katherine,neidhart,natalya,wilson,ring,canadian,american,columnist
Fraps is a benchmarking, screen capture and screen recording utility for Windows developed by Beepa.	screen,windows,benchmarking,utility,beepa,frap,capture
Möriken-Wildegg is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	wildegg,aargau,municipality,canton,district,lenzburg,möriken,switzerland
Darwin L. Booher is a member of the Michigan Senate, first elected in 2010.	michigan senate,l. booher,darwin l.,michigan,booher,member,darwin,senate
One, Two, Three is a 1961 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and written by Wilder and I. A. L. Diamond.	l. diamond,a. l.,billy wilder,i. a.,comedy film,american comedy,wilder,comedy,film,billy,american,diamond
Antonis Fotiadis was a Greek football player who played for the clubs Apollon in Smyrna, and later for Panionios in Athens, following the Greco-Turkish war between 1919 and 1922.	turkish war,club apollon,football player,greek football,antonis fotiadis,fotiadis,turkish,greek,greco,football,athens,player,panionios,club,smyrna
Zone 52 is a zone of the municipality of Al Rayyan in the state of Qatar.	state,rayyan,municipality,zone,qatar
Walter Chambers was the second Bishop of Labuan and Sarawak from 1868 to 1881.	second bishop,walter chambers,chambers,labuan,second,bishop,walter,sarawak
Inish Glora is a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.	champion racehorse,thoroughbred champion,canadian thoroughbred,inish glora,glora,champion,canadian,thoroughbred,inish,racehorse
Żurawieniec  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	central poland,poland voivodeship,greater poland,koło county,gmina babiak,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,babiak,koło,county,greater,west
San Borja is a town in the Beni Department in northern Bolivia.	northern bolivia,beni department,san borja,borja,northern,town,department,beni,bolivia
Eriogonum covilleanum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Coville's buckwheat.	wild buckwheat,eriogonum covilleanum,buckwheat,covilleanum,species,wild,common,coville,eriogonum
Stereotypes of Germans include real or imagined characteristics of the German people used by people who see the German people as a single and homogeneous group.	german people,homogeneous group,people,germans,homogeneous,real,characteristic,single,german,stereotype,group
Stanislav Vladimirovich Engovatov is a Russian professional football player.	football player,professional football,russian professional,vladimirovich engovatov,stanislav vladimirovich,vladimirovich,football,engovatov,professional,russian,stanislav,player
Delaware North is a global food service and hospitality company headquartered in Buffalo, New York.	new york,hospitality company,food service,global food,delaware north,north,global,buffalo,food,company,service,hospitality,delaware,york
Clugie Linn is a waterfall of Scotland.	linn,waterfall,clugie,scotland
Wilbur Bernard Ware was an American jazz double bassist He was a staff bassist at Riverside in the 1950s, recording with J.R. Monterose, Toots Thielemans, Tina Brooks, Zoot Sims, and Grant Green.	grant green,zoot sims,tina brooks,toots thielemans,staff bassist,double bassist,j.r. monterose,jazz double,american jazz,bernard ware,bassist,grant,bernard,sims,ware,zoot,american,brooks,jazz,tina
Dragotina is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	pskov oblast,gdovsky district,village,oblast,gdovsky,pskov,district,dragotina,russia
Chelsea Rae Thomas is an American softball player.	softball player,american softball,rae thomas,chelsea rae,softball,thomas,american,chelsea,player
Oleksiy Bashtanenko is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper.	football goalkeeper,ukrainian football,oleksiy bashtanenko,bashtanenko,football,ukrainian,oleksiy,goalkeeper
The following lists events that happened during 1976 in New Zealand.	new zealand,list event,event,list,zealand
Vankeeria is a genus of spiders in the Liocranidae family.	genus,liocranidae,spider,vankeeria,family
Lise Bang-Jensen is a journalist and policy analyst.	policy analyst,lise bang,bang,policy,jensen,journalist,lise,analyst
A Son Unique is the third and final studio album by Ol' Dirty Bastard.	dirty bastard,old dirty,studio album,final studio,son unique,unique,dirty,final,studio,album,bastard
Woodpeckers from Space is a song by the Dutch euro disco/Italo disco duo VideoKids.	duo videokids,disco duo,italo disco,euro disco,dutch euro,disco,space,song,dutch,euro,woodpecker,videokids,italo
Waraire Boswell is an American fashion designer and entrepreneur.	fashion designer,american fashion,waraire boswell,boswell,designer,american,fashion,waraire,entrepreneur
Depolymerizable polymers or Low-Ceiling Temperature Polymers refer to polymeric materials that can undergo depolymerization to revert the materials to their monomers at relatively low temperatures, such as room temperature.	room temperature,low temperature,polymeric material,temperature polymers,ceiling temperature,depolymerizable polymer,temperature,material,polymer,polymeric,polymers,monomer,ceiling,depolymerizable,depolymerization
Franz Krüger , known as Pferde-Krüger , was a German painter and lithographer.	german painter,franz krüger,krüger,painter,german,lithograph,franz,pferde
Swiss Cottage is a district of the London Borough of Camden in England.	london borough,swiss cottage,cottage,camden,district,borough,london,swiss,england
Maur Charat Singh is a village 2 km from Maur Mandi town, in Bathinda district in Punjab state of India.	punjab state,bathinda district,mandi town,maur mandi,charat singh,maur charat,maur,state,punjab,district,bathinda,town,singh,village,mandi,charat
The shooting of Bich Cau Thi Tran occurred in San Jose, California, on July 13, 2003.	san jose,thi tran,cau thi,bich cau,bich,california,jose,tran,shooting,july
Raymond S. Lane, Jr., sculptor, created a series of hand-built clay sculptures about Harriet Tubman an Underground Railroad conductor, called “the Moses of the anti-slavery movement” by Cincinnati Enquirer reporter Allen Howard, was first displayed in 2002 in the Children's Learning Center of the Public Library of Hamilton County’s main building, 800 Vine St.	vine st.,main building,hamilton county,allen howard,public library,learning center,reporter allen,enquirer reporter,railroad conductor,cincinnati enquirer,vine,lane,building,main,sculptor,county,series,hamilton
Vijai Sardesai is an Indian politician and a Cabinet Minister in the Government of Goa headed by Manohar Parrikar.	manohar parrikar,cabinet minister,indian politician,vijai sardesai,sardesai,manohar,indian,politician,government,cabinet,minister,vijai,parrikar
Raymond Almiran Montgomery, Jr.	almiran montgomery,raymond almiran,almiran,montgomery,raymond
The State of New York has a large network of multi-use paths, hiking trails, and other facilities.	hiking trail,use path,large network,new york,trail,york,hiking,large,path,network,multi,state
Sereine Mauborgne is a French politician representing La République En Marche!	en marche,république en,la république,french politician,sereine mauborgne,mauborgne,french,république,politician,sereine,marche
Domingo Serafín Federico was an Argentine bandoneon player, songwriter and actor.	bandoneon player,argentine bandoneon,serafín federico,domingo serafín,serafín,songwriter,federico,player,argentine,bandoneon,domingo,actor
Canis edwardii is an extinct species of genus Canis which was endemic to most of North America from the Late Blancan stage of the Pliocene epoch through to the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch, living 2.3 million years ago —300,000 years ago, existing for about 2 million years.	pleistocene epoch,irvingtonian stage,pliocene epoch,blancan stage,late blancan,north america,genus canis,extinct specie,stage,epoch,canis,north,america,specie,endemic,extinct,genus,late
The Sărmaș River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.	zalău river,sărmaș river,river,tributary,zalău,sărmaș,romania
Professor Albert Huntington Chester was an American geologist and mining engineer.	mining engineer,american geologist,huntington chester,albert huntington,professor albert,albert,mining,huntington,geologist,chester,american,professor,engineer
Jackson Academy is an independent, co-educational college preparatory school in Jackson, Mississippi founded in 1959 as a segregation academy.	segregation academy,preparatory school,college preparatory,educational college,jackson academy,jackson,academy,educational,college,preparatory,independent,school,mississippi,segregation
Megachile colorata is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.	species,family,megachile,megachilidae
The MEKO 140 is a frigate design by the German Blohm + Voss shipyard as part of the MEKO family of vessels.	meko family,voss shipyard,german blohm,frigate design,meko,family,german,blohm,design,voss,frigate,shipyard,vessel
Audax Australia Cycling Club runs cycling events under the auspices of Audax Club Parisien and Union des Audax Français .	audax français,des audax,club parisien,union des,cycling event,audax club,cycling club,australia cycling,audax australia,audax,cycling,club,union,parisien,event,auspex,australia,français
The 1968–69 season was the 67th in the history of the Western Football League.	football league,western football,football,history,western,season,league
A by-election in the Moray constituency of the Scottish Parliament was held on 27 April 2006 following the death of the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament Margaret Ewing on 21 March 2006, from breast cancer.	scottish parliament,breast cancer,margaret ewing,party member,parliament margaret,national party,scottish national,moray constituency,scottish,parliament,breast,moray,march,ewing,constituency,margaret,party,april
Murder of Fernando Balderas Sánchez and Yolanda Figueroa was an unusual group killing of two married journalists and their three children in Mexico City, Mexico that had the possibilities of being linked with drug cartels, corruption, criminal activities, or their work as journalists.The case was brought to a resolution within two weeks by the confession of one of the murderers, who was an employee, and his implication of two other coworkers.	criminal activity,drug cartel,mexico city,married journalist,group killing,unusual group,yolanda figueroa,balderas sánchez,fernando balderas,journalist,mexico,fernando,implication,balderas,employee,sánchez,murderer,yolanda,confession
Amirallar is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	village,rayon,kalbajar,amirallar,azerbaijan
Blackouts is a solo album by German musician Manuel Göttsching, released in 1977.	manuel göttsching,musician manuel,german musician,solo album,solo,manuel,album,musician,german,blackouts,göttsching
Hiroshi Hoketsu is a Japanese equestrian rider.	equestrian rider,japanese equestrian,hiroshi hoketsu,hoketsu,equestrian,japanese,hiroshi,rider
Rétromobile is an annual classic auto show held in February in the French city of Paris.	french city,classic auto,annual classic,annual,city,classic,french,auto,february,rétromobile,paris
Sigbert Graf Heister was an Imperial Field marshal.	field marshal,imperial field,graf heister,sigbert graf,graf,field,heister,imperial,sigbert,marshal
National Route 482 is a national highway of Japan connecting between Miyazu, Kyoto and Yonago, Tottori in Japan, with total length has 324.7 km .	total length,national highway,national route,japan,national,length,highway,total,kyoto,yonago,miyazu,tottori,route
Arjun Kumar Basnet  is a Nepalese marathon runner.	marathon runner,nepalese marathon,kumar basnet,arjun kumar,kumar,marathon,basnet,nepalese,arjun,runner
The Alden-Delehanty Block is a historic commercial block at 858 Main Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts.	main street,commercial block,historic commercial,delehanty block,block,southbridge,street,delehanty,main,historic,commercial,massachusetts,alden
Nicolas Besch is a professional French ice hockey defenceman of Polish descent who currently plays for Boxers de Bordeaux of the Ligue Magnus.	ligue magnus,polish descent,hockey defenceman,ice hockey,french ice,professional french,nicolas besch,besch,ligue,professional,bordeaux,french,boxers,descent,hockey,polish
The women's 195 + 390 + 585 + 780 metres medley relay event at the 1969 European Indoor Games was held on 8 March in Belgrade.	indoor games,european indoor,relay event,metre,march,relay,games,event,indoor,european,woman,belgrade
The Asbestos Aztèques were a Canadian minor pro ice hockey team in Asbestos, Quebec.	hockey team,ice hockey,pro ice,minor pro,canadian minor,asbestos aztèques,asbestos,minor,canadian,hockey,aztèques,team,quebec
The Škoda-Kauba SK 257 was a Czechoslovakian-built fighter trainer monoplane built by Škoda-Kauba Flugzeugbau for the Luftwaffe.	kauba flugzeugbau,trainer monoplane,fighter trainer,kauba sk,kauba,flugzeugbau,fighter,trainer,czechoslovakian,monoplane,škoda,luftwaffe
I Mean I Love You is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr..	williams jr,hank williams,artist hank,music artist,country music,american country,american,williams,country,hank,music,artist,song
The rosy grizzled skipper is a species of skipper .	grizzled skipper,rosy grizzled,grizzled,skipper,rosy,species
Catherine McAuley High School was a small, all-girls', private, Catholic high school in the East Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York.	high school,new york,flatbush section,catholic high,east flatbush,mcauley high,catherine mcauley,high,school,brooklyn,mcauley,section,flatbush,private,girl,east
Kępa Zagajna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany .	western poland,lubusz voivodeship,drezdenko county,gmina dobiegniew,administrative district,kępa zagajna,zagajna,area,village,poland,administrative,western,district,voivodeship,gmina,lubusz
Hargarten is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	municipality,western,district,palatinate,bitburg,rhineland,prüm,hargarten,germany
Thyenula rufa is a jumping spider species in the genus Thyenula that lives in South Africa.	south africa,genus thyenula,spider specie,thyenula rufa,thyenula,south,spider,specie,rufa,genus,africa
When the Curtain Falls is a song by American rock band Greta Van Fleet.	van fleet,greta van,band greta,rock band,american rock,curtain falls,falls,song,greta,american,band,rock,curtain,fleet
Pals is a medieval town in Catalonia, northern Spain, a few kilometres from the sea in the heart of the Bay of Emporda on the Costa Brava.	costa brava,northern spain,medieval town,medieval,costa,town,emporda,catalonia,northern,heart,spain
Santegidiese Calcio Società Sportiva Dilettantistica is an Italian association football club based in Sant'Egidio alla Vibrata, Abruzzo.	alla vibrata,football club,sant'egidio alla,association football,sportiva dilettantistica,italian association,società sportiva,calcio società,santegidiese calcio,calcio,vibrata,società,alla,sportiva,sant'egidio,dilettantistica,club,italian,football
The Rocky Mountain Lacrosse League is the name of the box lacrosse leagues in Alberta with three teams in Saskatchewan and, as of 2018, one in Manitoba.	lacrosse league,box lacrosse,mountain lacrosse,rocky mountain,lacrosse,league,saskatchewan,team,mountain,alberta,manitoba,rocky
Lower Basildon is a small village in the civil parish of Basildon, near to Pangbourne, in the English county of Berkshire.	english county,civil parish,small village,low basildon,basildon,county,english,pangbourne,village,civil,small,parish,berkshire
Sir Thomas Lewis, CBE, FRS, FRCP was a British cardiologist .	british cardiologist,thomas lewis,sir thomas,thomas,british,lewis,frcp,cardiologist
Pericyma squalens is a moth of the family Noctuidae.	family noctuidae,pericyma squalen,squalen,family,moth,pericyma,noctuidae
Acid Reign are an English thrash metal band, originally active from 1985 to 1991.	metal band,thrash metal,english thrash,acid reign,reign,band,english,metal,thrash,acid,active
Al-Sultan Keimi Kalaminjaa Siri Madheenee Suvara Maha Radun was the Sultan of Maldives from 1268 to 1269.	maha radun,suvara maha,madheenee suvara,siri madheenee,kalaminjaa siri,keimi kalaminjaa,sultan keimi,sultan,madheenee,siri,suvara,kalaminjaa,maha,keimi,radun,maldives
The Moscow Summit of 1972 was a summit meeting between President Richard M. Nixon of the United States and General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.	soviet union,communist party,leonid brezhnev,secretary leonid,general secretary,m. nixon,united states,richard m.,president richard,summit meeting,summit,soviet,party,communist,brezhnev,leonid,secretary,general,states,united
The Welcome Metro station is an interchange station between the Red Line and the Pink Line of the Delhi Metro.	delhi metro,pink line,red line,interchange station,metro station,welcome metro,line,metro,station,delhi,pink,welcome,interchange
The Customer Access and Retrieval System, commonly known as CARS, is one of the many Telephone Company Customer Applications used by Mobile network operators, which is mostly used in the Western United States.	united states,network operator,western united,mobile network,customer applications,company customer,retrieval system,telephone company,customer access,customer,united,western,operator,network,mobile,system,retrieval,telephone
Fall Creek is an unincorporated community in Fall Creek Township, Adams County, Illinois, United States.	fall creek,united states,adams county,unincorporated community,creek township,creek,united,illinois,county,adams,township,community,fall,unincorporated,states
Julius Perlis – 11 September 1913, in Ennstal) was an Austrian chess player.	chess player,austrian chess,julius perlis,perlis,chess,september,austrian,ennstal,julius,player
Roane is a surname.	roane,surname
Oswald "Ossie" Peake was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s and 1940s.	league footballer,rugby league,professional rugby,english professional,ossie,peake,footballer,english,league,professional,rugby,oswald
Sedilia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.	family drilliidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,genus,family,mollusk,snail,gastropod,marine,sedilia,drilliidae
Ngaizun is a river town in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma.	sagaing division,river town,river,division,town,sagaing,southeast,ngaizun,burma
Temperamental is the tenth and final studio album by British musical duo Everything but the Girl.	duo everything,musical duo,british musical,studio album,final studio,tenth,everything,final,studio,musical,album,british,temperamental,girl
The Port of Keelung , also known as Keelung Harbor, is located in the vicinity of Keelung City, Taiwan.	keelung city,keelung harbor,keelung,city,harbor,vicinity,taiwan,port
Fakhr al-Dīn al-Rāzī or Fakhruddin Razi was an Iranian Sunni Muslim theologian and philosopher He was born in 1149 in Rey , and died in 1209 in Herat .	muslim theologian,sunni muslim,iranian sunni,fakhruddin razi,dīn al,fakhr al,philosopher,rāzī,theologian,fakhruddin,muslim,razi,sunni,iranian
Bert Jacobs was a New Zealand cricketer.	zealand cricketer,new zealand,bert jacobs,jacobs,zealand,bert,cricketer
USS Tautog , a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the Tautog , a wrasse commonly found along the Northern Atlantic coast.	atlantic coast,states navy,northern atlantic,united states,second ship,attack submarine,class attack,uss tautog,tautog,atlantic,northern,second,submarine,ship,wrasse,attack,united,class
Cecilia González Gómez was a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI. She served as a Deputy in the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Jalisco.Gómez suffered a fatal heart attack on 3 January 2017, aged 55.	heart attack,fatal heart,mexican congress,mexican politician,lxii legislature,gonzález gómez,cecilia gonzález,gómez,mexican,january,attack,gonzález,heart,deputy,fatal,lxii
Papa John's Pizza is an American pizza restaurant franchise.	restaurant franchise,pizza restaurant,american pizza,papa john,pizza,john,restaurant,papa,franchise,american
HMCS Vegreville was a Bangor-class minesweeper that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War.	world war,second world,canadian navy,royal canadian,class minesweeper,hmcs vegreville,vegreville,world,bangor,second,class,navy,minesweeper,canadian,royal,hmcs
A Flying Camp was a military formation employed by the Continental Army in the second half of 1776, during the American Revolutionary War.	revolutionary war,second half,american revolutionary,continental army,military formation,flying camp,camp,revolutionary,military,american,formation,half,continental,second,army,flying
Gábor J. Székely , born February 4, 1947 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-American statistician/mathematician best known for introducing the Energy of data ], e.g.	american statistician,j. székely,gábor j.,energy,székely,mathematician,february,statistician,budapest,american,hungarian,gábor
The following are the national records in track cycling in China maintained by China's national cycling federation: Chinese Cycling Association.	cycling association,chinese cycling,cycling federation,national cycling,track cycling,national record,cycling,national,china,record,track,federation,chinese,association
Nosa Igiebor is a Nigerian journalist and editor.	nigerian journalist,nosa igiebor,igiebor,journalist,nigerian,nosa,editor
Ashby Puerorum is a small village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	lindsey district,east lindsey,small village,ashby puerorum,puerorum,lincolnshire,small,district,village,lindsey,east,ashby,england
Dhalia was an Indonesian actress active for over fifty years.	actress active,indonesian actress,indonesian,active,actress,dhalia,year
Tornquist Partido is a partido in the southwest of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina and is named after Ernesto Tornquist, founder of Tornquist, the partido's main city.	main city,ernesto tornquist,aires province,buenos aires,tornquist partido,partido,tornquist,main,province,aires,argentina,buenos,ernesto,southwest,city
Pieter G. J. Koornhof,  was a South African politician.	african politician,j. koornhof,south african,g. j.,pieter g.,african,south,koornhof,pieter,politician
The 1947 Portland Pilots football team was an American football team that represented the University of Portland as an independent during the 1947 college football season.	football team,american football,football season,pilots football,college football,portland pilots,football,portland,team,independent,college,university,pilots,american,season
Gérard Gasiorowski was a French photographer, painter, and fictive artist.	fictive artist,french photographer,gérard gasiorowski,gasiorowski,fictive,french,painter,photographer,gérard,artist
Gaetano "James" Senese is an Italian saxophonist, composer and singer-songwriter.	james,singer,senese,composer,italian,saxophonist,gaetano,songwriter
Johannes Wilde CBE was a Hungarian art historian and teacher of art history.	art history,art historian,hungarian art,wilde cbe,johannes wilde,wilde,hungarian,historian,teacher,johannes,history
Randy Ball is a former American college football player and coach.	football player,college football,american college,randy ball,ball,player,american,football,college,randy,coach
CB Bears is a 60-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions which aired on NBC from September 10, 1977 to January 28, 1978.	barbera productions,saturday morning,cb bears,bears,september,saturday,morning,productions,series,barbera,hanna
Chain was Edinburgh musician Paul Haig's third album and was released in May 1989 on Circa Records, a subsidiary of Virgin Records.	virgin records,circa records,paul haig,musician paul,edinburgh musician,records,edinburgh,musician,paul,haig,album,circa,subsidiary,virgin
Elskere is a 1963 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils R. Müller, starring Ingerid Vardund and Wenche Myhre.	wenche myhre,ingerid vardund,r. müller,nils r.,drama film,norwegian drama,drama,wenche,film,vardund,nils,ingerid,müller,norwegian,myhre
Anderson-McQueen Company is a privately owned funeral home headquartered in St.	funeral home,mcqueen company,mcqueen,home,company,funeral,anderson
Zygmunt Wiehler was a Polish popular and film music composer and director.	music composer,film music,polish popular,zygmunt wiehler,wiehler,composer,polish,music,popular,film,zygmunt,director
The Sacramento Chinese Catholic Community  is the only group of Chinese Catholics in the Diocese of Sacramento, California.	chinese catholics,catholic community,sacramento chinese,chinese,sacramento,diocese,community,catholics,catholic,group,california
Khobar is a city located in the Eastern Province of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the coast of the Persian Gulf.	persian gulf,saudi arabia,eastern province,city,persian,eastern,coast,province,arabia,kingdom,saudi,khobar,gulf
Australasian Science is a bimonthly science magazine published in Australia.	science magazine,australasian science,science,magazine,australia,australasian
Danville National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Danville, in Vermilion County, Illinois.	national cemetery,states national,united states,vermilion county,danville national,danville,cemetery,national,county,vermilion,united,states,city,illinois
The AT&T Canada Senior Open Championship was a professional golf tournament in Canada on the Senior PGA Tour, now the PGA Tour Champions.	pga tour,tour champions,golf tournament,senior pga,professional golf,open championship,senior open,canada senior,at&t canada,canada,senior,tour,professional,golf,championship,tournament,open,champions
RWE Vertrieb AG v Verbraucherzentrale Nordrhein-Westfalen eV C-92/11 is an EU law and consumer protection case, concerning the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Directive.	contracts directive,consumer contracts,protection case,unfair term,consumer protection,eu law,westfalen ev,verbraucherzentrale nordrhein,vertrieb ag,consumer,vertrieb,verbraucherzentrale,contracts,nordrhein,westfalen
There are several characters in Greek mythology by the name Coronis .	greek,mythology,character,coronis
Stanislaus Wyatt was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1950 until his death in 1964.	legislative assembly,wales legislative,south wales,new south,australian politician,stanislaus wyatt,wyatt,assembly,australian,legislative,politician,wales,member,south,stanislaus
Luca Emanuel Meisl is an Austrian footballer currently playing for SKN St.	skn st.,austrian footballer,emanuel meisl,luca emanuel,emanuel,meisl,footballer,austrian,luca
Amtrak has used a variety of liveries on its rolling stock since taking over intercity passenger rail service in the United States in 1971.	united states,rail service,passenger rail,intercity passenger,rolling stock,variety,united,livery,service,rolling,rail,stock,passenger,intercity,amtrak
The 2017–18 Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 will be the 54th season of the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 since its establishment in 1962.	ligue professionnelle,algerian ligue,professionnelle,algerian,season,ligue,establishment
Thorkel of Namdalen was a Norwegian jarl in Namdalen who lived in the mid to late ninth century CE. Thorkel married Hrafnhilda, the daughter of Ketil Trout of Hrafnista.	ketil trout,century ce,ninth century,late ninth,norwegian jarl,namdalen,thorkel,trout,ketil,daughter,ninth,century,hrafnhilda,late
The thyreophoroi or thureophoroi was a type of infantry soldier, common in the 3rd to 1st centuries BC, who carried a large oval shield called a Thyreos which had a type of metal strip boss and a central spine.	central spine,strip boss,oval shield,metal strip,large oval,century bc,infantry soldier,type,central,boss,strip,century,large,common
Anton Bruckner composed eleven symphonies, the first, the Symphony in F minor in 1863, the last, the unfinished Ninth symphony from 1893–1896.	ninth symphony,unfinished ninth,f minor,anton bruckner,symphony,bruckner,minor,unfinished,ninth,anton
The Vandyke Album is in the collection of the State Library of New South Wales located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	south wales,new south,state library,vandyke album,wales,album,collection,state,library,south,sydney,vandyke,australia
Iglesia de San Isidoro is a church in Oviedo, Asturias, Spain.	asturias,isidoro,oviedo,church,iglesia,spain
Plommons were a Swedish, all-female pop rock band formed in 1964.	rock band,pop rock,female pop,swedish,rock,female,plommon,band
Collanges is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.	central france,dôme department,commune,central,alpes,rhône,dôme,auvergne,department,collanges
Appianoporites is an extinct monotypic genus of fungus in the Agaricomycetes family Hymenochaetaceae.	family hymenochaetaceae,agaricomycetes family,monotypic genus,extinct monotypic,extinct,family,monotypic,agaricomycetes,genus,fungus,appianoporites,hymenochaetaceae
This was the United States television schedule on all three commercial television networks for the fall season beginning in September 1985.	season beginning,fall season,television network,commercial television,television schedule,states television,united states,television,beginning,season,states,fall,network,schedule,commercial,september,united
The Kaema Plateau is a highland in North Korea.	north korea,kaema plateau,plateau,north,highland,kaema,korea
The 2007 Southern District Council election was held on 18 November 2007 to elect all 17 elected members to the 21-member District Council.	district council,council election,southern district,district,election,november,council,member,southern
Fluke is an English electronic music group formed in the late 1980s by Mike Bryant, Jon Fugler and Mike Tournier.	mike tournier,jon fugler,mike bryant,music group,electronic music,english electronic,mike,english,electronic,music,group,late,bryant,fugler
Elimia potosiensis, common name the pyramid elimia, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.	family pleuroceridae,gastropod mollusk,aquatic gastropod,freshwater snail,pyramid elimia,elimia potosiensis,elimia,family,mollusk,gastropod,aquatic,operculum,snail,freshwater,species,common
Blake Colburn Wilbur was a surgeon and one of the founders of the Palo Alto Medical Clinic.	medical clinic,alto medical,colburn wilbur,palo alto,blake colburn,colburn,medical,wilbur,alto,surgeon,palo,founder,blake,clinic
Captain N: The Game Master is an American–Canadian animated television series that aired on television from 1989 to 1991 as part of the Saturday morning cartoon lineup on NBC. The show was produced by DIC Animation City and incorporated elements from many of the most popular video games of the time from the Japanese company Nintendo.	company nintendo,video game,japanese company,animation city,popular video,cartoon lineup,dic animation,morning cartoon,television series,saturday morning,game,television,company,japanese,lineup,cartoon,animation
Takht Arreh Do is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	khuzestan province,andimeshk county,garmsiri district,e garmsiri,rural district,mazu rural,takht arreh,district,arreh,province,village,khuzestan,mazu,county,rural,andimeshk
The 23rd Division was created In January 1949 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army, issued by Central Military Commission on November 1, 1948, basing on the 14th Independent Brigade, 8th Column of PLA Northwestern Field Army.	field army,northwestern field,pla northwestern,independent brigade,military commission,central military,all organizations,army,division,january,regulation,redesignations,independent,brigade
Desperate Trails is a 1939 American western film directed by Albert Ray.It was the first of a series of 28 films by Universal Pictures with Brown in the lead role.	lead role,universal pictures,albert ray,western film,american western,desperate trails,film,lead,trails,brown,american,pictures,western,universal,albert
Short Heath is a small, urban residential area north of the town of Willenhall, nestled in between the urban villages of New Invention and Lane Head.	lane head,new invention,residential area,urban village,urban residential,short heath,urban,lane,heath,invention,small,village,area,town,residential
NEAT Domestic Trading Pty Ltd v AWB Ltd was a case before the High Court of Australia which was decided in 2003.	high court,awb ltd,pty ltd,trading pty,domestic trading,neat domestic,domestic,court,trading,high,case,neat,australia
Dazanré is a village in the Méguet Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso.	burkina faso,central burkina,ganzourgou province,méguet department,village,burkina,méguet,central,department,province,ganzourgou,dazanré,faso
Drahonice is a village and municipality in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	czech republic,bohemian region,south bohemian,strakonice district,village,czech,municipality,region,strakonice,bohemian,district,south,drahonice,republic
Duncan Andrew Pegg is an Australian politician.	australian politician,andrew pegg,duncan andrew,andrew,australian,pegg,duncan,politician
The red-tailed minla is a passerine bird in the family Leiothrichidae.	family leiothrichidae,passerine bird,minla,family,passerine,bird,leiothrichidae
Chavan-e Olya is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,east azerbaijan,maragheh county,central district,rural district,gharbi rural,ye gharbi,e olya,district,province,olya,azerbaijan,village,east,sarajuy,county
The following events occurred in January 1917:	event,january
 January 1, 1917
British troopship Ivernia was torpedoed and sunk in the Mediterranean Sea by German submarine SM UB-47, with the loss of 125 lives.	submarine sm,german submarine,mediterranean sea,troopship ivernia,british troopship,troopship,loss,ivernia,mediterranean,submarine,german,british
The 2015 Oceania Cup was held from 21 to 25 October 2015 in Stratford, New Zealand.	new zealand,oceania cup,october,stratford,oceania,zealand
The Turks and Caicos Islands are a British Overseas Territory consisting of the larger Caicos Islands and smaller Turks Islands, two groups of tropical islands in the Lucayan Archipelago of the Atlantic Ocean and northern West Indies.	west indies,caicos islands,northern west,atlantic ocean,lucayan archipelago,tropical island,turks islands,overseas territory,british overseas,large caicos,islands,west,caicos,turks,northern,ocean,atlantic,archipelago,lucayan,island
Akiko Suzuki , formally known by the stage name Yukiji , is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with 81 Produce.	voice actress,japanese voice,akiko suzuki,suzuki,actress,stage,voice,yukiji,japanese,akiko,produce
Lake Rondaxe is located northeast of Carter Station, New York.	new york,carter station,lake rondaxe,rondaxe,carter,station,lake,york
Cary Ernst Harth is a Canadian actor.	canadian actor,ernst harth,cary ernst,ernst,canadian,harth,cary,actor
Andrell D. Rogers , better known as Kilo Ali, formerly Kilo, is an American rap music Artist from Atlanta, Georgia.	music artist,rap music,kilo ali,american rap,d. rogers,andrell d.,kilo,atlanta,artist,rogers,music,american,georgia,andrell
Ectropis obliqua is a species of moth in the family Geometridae first described by Prout in 1915.	family geometridae,ectropis obliqua,obliqua,geometridae,species,family,moth,ectropis,prout
Nagaland peace accord is the accord signed in August 2015 by the Government of India and the National Socialist Council of Nagalim to end the insurgency.	socialist council,national socialist,peace accord,accord,nagalim,council,socialist,national,india,government,august,insurgency,peace
Dmitri Yur'yevich Kondrat'yev Russian: Дмитрий Юрьевич Кондратьев is a retired Russian cosmonaut.	russian cosmonaut,юрьевич кондратьев,retired russian,дмитрий юрьевич,kondrat'yev russian,yur'yevich kondrat'yev,dmitri yur'yevich,russian,yur'yevich,kondrat'yev,юрьевич,кондратьев,дмитрий,retired,dmitri,cosmonaut
Bukowie Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	central poland,łódź voivodeship,bełchatów county,gmina drużbice,administrative district,bukowie górne,górne,central,village,voivodeship,administrative,łódź,district,county,gmina,bełchatów
The Young Slave is an Italian literary fairy tale written by Giambattista Basile in his 1634 work, the Pentamerone.It is Aarne-Thompson type 410, Sleeping Beauty; other variants include The Glass Coffin and Sun, Moon, and Talia.	glass coffin,thompson type,giambattista basile,fairy tale,literary fairy,italian literary,young slave,slave,moon,italian,literary,coffin,fairy,glass,tale,variant
Phyllophaga karlsioei is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae.	family scarabaeidae,scarab beetle,phyllophaga karlsioei,karlsioei,family,species,beetle,scarab,phyllophaga,scarabaeidae
Maroc Telecom is the main telecommunication company in Morocco.	telecommunication company,main telecommunication,maroc telecom,telecom,company,main,telecommunication,maroc,morocco
The sportive lemurs are the medium-sized primates that make up the family Lepilemuridae.	family lepilemuridae,sized primate,sportive lemur,lemur,family,medium,primate,sized,sportive,lepilemuridae
Robust statistics are statistics with good performance for data drawn from a wide range of probability distributions, especially for distributions that are not normal.	probability distribution,wide range,good performance,robust statistic,distribution,statistic,datum,wide,performance,range,good,probability,robust,normal
The Clarion Golden Eagles are the athletic teams that represent the Clarion University of Pennsylvania, located in Clarion, Pennsylvania, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.	intercollegiate sport,ii intercollegiate,clarion university,division ii,ncaa division,athletic team,golden eagles,clarion golden,clarion,pennsylvania,intercollegiate,division,ncaa,eagles,athletic,golden,team
Anhalt Castle is a ruined medieval fortification near the town of Harzgerode in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	medieval fortification,anhalt castle,anhalt,fortification,town,medieval,harzgerode,castle,saxony,germany
Marie François Joseph Clozel was a French colonial administrator who became Governor General of French West Africa.	west africa,french west,governor general,colonial administrator,french colonial,joseph clozel,françois joseph,marie françois,french,françois,joseph,west,clozel,administrator,governor,colonial,general,marie
This article is about the English language term.	language term,english language,english,language,article,term
The Palm Beach Girl is a lost 1926 silent film romantic comedy starring Bebe Daniels and directed by Erle C. Kenton.	c. kenton,bebe daniels,erle c.,romantic comedy,film romantic,silent film,beach girl,palm beach,beach,girl,erle,lost,daniels,silent,bebe,film,comedy
Roy Taylor was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League .	football league,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,roy taylor,taylor,football,australian,victorian,rule,richmond,footballer,league
Ulverscroft Valley is a 110.8 hectares biological Site of Special Scientific Interest north-west of Markfield in Leicestershire.	interest north,scientific interest,special scientific,biological site,hectare biological,ulverscroft valley,valley,markfield,hectare,west,biological,north,site,interest,special,scientific
Johnson County is a county in the north central part of the U.S. state of Wyoming.	u.s. state,north central,johnson county,county,state,u.s.,central,north,wyoming,johnson
The 2018–19 Ranji Trophy was the 85th season of the Ranji Trophy, the premier first-class cricket tournament that took place in India between November 2018 and February 2019.	ranji trophy,cricket tournament,class cricket,ranji,trophy,november,india,place,tournament,cricket,class,premier,season
East Keansburg is an unincorporated community located within Middletown Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	united states,new jersey,monmouth county,middletown township,unincorporated community,east keansburg,keansburg,united,unincorporated,jersey,community,middletown,county,township,monmouth
Xihai'an also known as Qingdao West Coast is a district of Qingdao, Shandong, China, located southwest and west of the main urban area of the city on the western shore of Jiaozhou Bay.	jiaozhou bay,western shore,urban area,west coast,main urban,qingdao west,qingdao,west,jiaozhou,shore,western,city,area,urban,china,main
Stilbosis schmitzi is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.	family cosmopterigidae,stilbosis schmitzi,schmitzi,family,moth,stilbosis,cosmopterigidae
Chandigarh ) is a city and a union territory in India that serves as the capital of the two neighbouring states of Punjab and Haryana.	city,punjab,union,state,territory,capital,india,chandigarh,haryana
Syren is a small town in the commune of Weiler-la-Tour, in southern Luxembourg.	southern luxembourg,small town,small,southern,town,tour,commune,weiler,syren,luxembourg
Godfrey T. McHugh was a United States Air Force general, and served as military aide to President John F. Kennedy.	f. kennedy,john f.,force general,president john,military aide,air force,states air,united states,t. mchugh,godfrey t.,mchugh,john,united,president,states,aide,military
Dikemark Hospital is a psychiatric hospital with 170 patients in Asker, Norway.	psychiatric hospital,dikemark hospital,hospital,asker,patient,norway,dikemark,psychiatric
Tritoma tenebrosa, the darkling tritoma, is a species of pleasing fungus beetle in the family Erotylidae.	family erotylidae,fungus beetle,pleasing fungus,tritoma tenebrosa,tritoma,family,species,beetle,pleasing,fungus,tenebrosa,erotylidae
Australian rules football in Queensland has a history which dates back to the mid-1860s.	rule football,australian rule,rule,history,football,queensland,australian
The 1982–83 Houston Cougars men's basketball team represented the University of Houston.	basketball team,cougars man,houston cougars,houston,basketball,team,cougars,university
June Richmond was an American jazz singer and actor.	jazz singer,american jazz,june richmond,richmond,singer,american,jazz,june,actor
Juan Pablo Brzezicki and David Marrero were the defending champions, but Brzezicki chose to not participate this year.	david marrero,pablo brzezicki,juan pablo,brzezicki,pablo,marrero,david,champion,juan,year
Sang Sinxay , is a Lao epic poem written by Pang Kham.	pang kham,epic poem,lao epic,sang sinxay,sinxay,pang,poem,epic,sang,kham
Uí Máil were an Irish dynasty of Leinster.	irish dynasty,uí máil,máil,dynasty,irish,leinster
Kennya Cordner is a Tobagonian soccer forward who is currently signed with the norwegian team IL Sandviken.	il sandviken,team il,norwegian team,tobagonian soccer,kennya cordner,cordner,tobagonian,team,soccer,norwegian,kennya,sandviken
Scythris hemidictyas is a moth of the Scythrididae family.	scythrididae family,scythris hemidictya,hemidictya,scythrididae,moth,scythris,family
Colegio Cristo Obrero is a Chilean high school located in Graneros, Cachapoal Province, Chile.	cachapoal province,high school,chilean high,cristo obrero,colegio cristo,cristo,province,obrero,cachapoal,chilean,graneros,high,school,colegio,chile
David Amos Arblaster, was a New South Wales politician, Minister for Culture, Sport and Recreation and Minister for Tourism in the cabinet of Sir Eric Willis until the Liberal party lost the 1976 election.	liberal party,eric willis,wales politician,sir eric,south wales,new south,amos arblaster,david amos,minister,party,amos,liberal,arblaster,willis,eric,south
The National League, currently named the Vanarama National League for sponsorship reasons, is the highest level of the National League System and fifth-highest of the overall English football league system.	league system,national league,overall english,english football,football league,vanarama national,sponsorship reason,high level,league,high,national,english,overall,football,reason,sponsorship,level,system
Cameroonian Federation of Sports the Intellectually Disabled ) is the national sports federation for sportspeople with intellectual disabilities competing in International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability and Paralympic events.	intellectual disability,sports federation,international sports,paralympic event,sport federation,cameroonian federation,federation,disability,sports,intellectual,paralympic,national,disabled,sport,international,sportspeople
Arjuna is a central character of the ancient Indian epic Mahabharata, who plays a key role in the Bhagavad Gita alongside Krishna.	bhagavad gita,key role,epic mahabharata,indian epic,ancient indian,central character,central,gita,character,bhagavad,ancient,role,indian,epic,mahabharata
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha.	w. saha,arthur w.,fantasy story,fantasy stories,good fantasy,fantasy,arthur,good,story,stories,anthology,saha,year
Priyanka Singh Rawat is an Indian politician who represents the Bhartiya Janata Party.	janata party,bhartiya janata,indian politician,singh rawat,priyanka singh,singh,janata,rawat,bhartiya,indian,politician,priyanka,party
The Dos Lomitas Ranch, also known as the Rattlesnake Ranch, Blankenship Well and the Gray Ranch, was the first of fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Arizona.	mexico border,desert country,sonoran desert,cattle business,family cattle,gray ranch,gray family,line camp,blankenship well,rattlesnake ranch,ranch,gray,border,mexico,country,desert,sonoran,business,lomitas
Project Child or Project “ CHILD” is an initiative of Society for Promotion of School Health , is the oldest and most comprehensive School Health Programme of Assam.	school health,health programme,comprehensive school,project child,health,school,child,initiative,programme,society,promotion,comprehensive,project
Diyogha is a settlement in the Kavango East Region in the north of Namibia.	east region,kavango east,settlement,north,kavango,region,east,diyogha,namibia
Ahmed Sofa ; 30 June 1943 – 28 July 2001) was a Bangladeshi writer, thinker, novelist, poet, and public intellectual.	public intellectual,bangladeshi writer,ahmed sofa,sofa,public,june,poet,july,novelist,bangladeshi,thinker,writer,ahmed
Reeler domain is a protein domain.	protein domain,reeler domain,domain,reeler,protein
Torpedo Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Mogilev, Belarus.	purpose stadium,torpedo stadium,stadium,mogilev,multi,purpose,belarus,torpedo
Florstadt is a town in the Wetteraukreis, in Hesse, Germany.	town,hesse,wetteraukreis,florstadt,germany
Ian Studd is a former middle distance runner from New Zealand.	new zealand,distance runner,middle distance,ian studd,studd,middle,runner,distance,zealand
State Route 68 is an 18.7-mile-long state highway that runs south-to-north through portions of Washington County in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia.	u.s. state,washington county,state highway,long state,state route,state,washington,county,portion,east,north,central,highway,u.s.,route
Louis Joseph Billera is a Professor of Mathematics at Cornell University.	cornell university,joseph billera,louis joseph,joseph,cornell,billera,mathematics,professor,louis,university
Leuke Kome was a Nabataean port city located on the Incense Route.The location currently is called "Wadi Ainounah" .	wadi ainounah,incense route,port city,nabataean port,leuke kome,kome,wadi,nabataean,location,port,route,city,incense,leuke,ainounah
Svartnes is a small village and port in Vardø Municipality, Finnmark county, Norway.	finnmark county,vardø municipality,small village,small,county,village,finnmark,port,municipality,vardø,svartne,norway
Position error is one of the errors affecting the systems in an aircraft for measuring airspeed and altitude.	error,aircraft,system,altitude,position
In statistics and econometrics, and in particular in time series analysis, an autoregressive integrated moving average model is a generalization of an autoregressive moving average model.	average model,autoregressive integrated,series analysis,time series,autoregressive,average,econometric,particular,time,series,analysis,model,generalization,integrated
Professor Olga S. Vinogradova was a specialist in Russian cognitive neuroscience.	cognitive neuroscience,s. vinogradova,russian cognitive,olga s.,professor olga,olga,cognitive,russian,vinogradova,specialist,professor,neuroscience
Askole, Askoli, or Askoly is a small town located in District Shigar Valley, in the Gilgit–Baltistan region of Pakistan.	baltistan region,shigar valley,district shigar,small town,askoli,region,askoly,baltistan,small,gilgit,town,valley,district,shigar
Winter Haven is a city in Polk County, Florida, United States.	united states,polk county,winter haven,haven,united,city,florida,polk,county,winter,states
Multifacético redirects here, Guerrero Maya Jr.	maya jr.,guerrero maya,guerrero,maya,multifacético
Precious is the debut studio album by American singer Chanté Moore, released on September 29, 1992, through Silas Records and MCA Records.	mca records,chanté moore,silas records,singer chanté,american singer,studio album,debut studio,debut,records,studio,silas,album,september,american,moore,singer,chanté
The Baldwin Market is a historic retail shop building in Eugene, Oregon, United States.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.	historic places,national register,united states,shop building,retail shop,historic retail,baldwin market,historic,building,market,oregon,united,retail,register,eugene,states,shop
Dutasteride, sold under the brand name Avodart among others, is a medication primarily used to treat the symptoms of an enlarged prostate.	brand,enlarged,avodart,symptom,medication,dutasteride,prostate
The Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building at 26 Federal Plaza on Foley Square in the Civic Center district of Manhattan, New York City houses many Federal government agencies, and, at over 41 stories, is the tallest federal building in the United States.	united states,federal building,government agency,tall federal,federal government,city house,york city,center district,new york,civic center,federal,building,united,district,center,manhattan,civic,square
Sedum spathulifolium is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common names broadleaf stonecrop and Colorado stonecrop.	colorado stonecrop,broadleaf stonecrop,name broadleaf,common name,stonecrop family,sedum spathulifolium,stonecrop,spathulifolium,species,plant,common,name,family,broadleaf,sedum,colorado
Camillo Olivetti was an Italian electrical engineer and founder of Olivetti & Co., SpA., the Italian manufacturer of computers, printers and other business machines.	business machine,italian manufacturer,electrical engineer,italian electrical,camillo olivetti,olivetti,italian,business,printer,computer,manufacturer,engineer,founder,electrical
Percy Celso Olivares Polanco is a Peruvian retired footballer who played as a left back.	celso,footballer,polanco,peruvian,percy,left
Visa requirements for Guatemalan citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Guatemala.	entry restriction,administrative entry,guatemalan citizen,visa requirement,citizen,requirement,guatemalan,restriction,entry,authority,administrative,state,visa,guatemala
Fantastica Mania 2011 was the name of two professional wrestling major shows produced that took place on January 22 and January 23, 2011 in Korakuen Hall in Tokyo, Japan.	korakuen hall,major show,wrestling major,professional wrestling,fantastica mania,january,mania,tokyo,professional,hall,wrestling,major,show,korakuen,place
Sailors Falls is a locality in central Victoria, Australia.	central victoria,sailors falls,falls,victoria,locality,central,sailors,australia
Bolton-on-Swale is a village and civil parish in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.	north yorkshire,richmondshire district,civil parish,swale,yorkshire,village,north,civil,district,parish,richmondshire,bolton,england
Jolly Cola is an original Danish soft drink dating back to 1959.	soft drink,danish soft,original danish,jolly cola,cola,soft,original,danish,jolly,drink
This is a list of file formats used by computers, organized by type.	file,computer,format,list,type
Cyaxares (Ancient Greek: Κυαξάρης; Old Persian: 𐎢𐎺𐎧𐏁𐎫𐎼 Uvaxštra; Persian: هووخشتره‎, translit.	𐎢𐎺𐎧𐏁𐎫𐎼 uvaxštra,old persian,ancient greek,persian,ancient,greek,κυαξάρης,𐎢𐎺𐎧𐏁𐎫𐎼,uvaxštra,cyaxare,translit
Stefan Aleksandrov is a Bulgarian boxer.	bulgarian boxer,stefan aleksandrov,aleksandrov,bulgarian,stefan,boxer
Sennecey-lès-Dijon is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.	eastern,dijon,department,commune,côte,sennecey,france
The Constitutio Criminalis Carolina is recognised as the first body of German criminal law .	criminal law,german criminal,criminalis carolina,constitutio criminalis,criminalis,criminal,carolina,german,body,constitutio
Francisc Vaştag ; born 26 November 1969) is a retired Romanian boxer who won three world amateur titles between 1989 and 1995, in the welterweight and light middleweight categories.	middleweight category,amateur title,light middleweight,world amateur,romanian boxer,retired romanian,francisc vaştag,vaştag,middleweight,november,light,retired,welterweight,romanian,title,boxer,amateur
Donald Richard Moran, Jr.	richard moran,donald richard,richard,moran,donald
The Communist Party of Nepal ) was a communist splinter group in Nepal.	splinter group,communist splinter,communist party,communist,nepal,splinter,group,party
El Esqueleto de la señora Morales (English: The Skeleton of Mrs.	señora morales,el esqueleto,esqueleto,skeleton,señora,english,morales,mrs.
One to One was a Canadian pop music group formed in 1984 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	music group,pop music,canadian pop,ontario,music,ottawa,group,canadian,canada
Haruhiko Mikimoto , August 28, 1959 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese anime character designer, illustrator and manga artist.	manga artist,character designer,anime character,japanese anime,haruhiko mikimoto,mikimoto,manga,august,illustrator,tokyo,designer,japan,character,japanese,anime
Yathumaagi is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by S. Balakumar that stars newcomer Sachin and Sunaina in lead roles.	lead role,newcomer sachin,s. balakumar,romance film,language romance,indian tamil,indian,lead,tamil,sunaina,language,sachin,romance,newcomer,film,balakumar
Oleksandr Gennadiyevich Rezanov is a former Soviet/Ukrainian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,handball player,ukrainian handball,gennadiyevich rezanov,oleksandr gennadiyevich,gennadiyevich,summer,rezanov,player,soviet,handball,ukrainian,oleksandr,olympics
Chromosome 8 open reading frame 58 is an uncharacterised protein that in humans is encoded by the C8orf58 gene.	uncharacterised protein,reading frame,open reading,open,reading,human,frame,protein,uncharacterised,chromosome,gene
Postgirobygget is a Norwegian rock band from Trondheim.	rock band,norwegian rock,norwegian,band,rock,postgirobygget,trondheim
Cheshmeh Ali is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	golestan province,tappeh county,maraveh tappeh,golidagh district,rural district,golidagh rural,cheshmeh ali,golidagh,district,province,golestan,county,village,tappeh,maraveh,rural
USS LST-965 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy.	states navy,united states,landing ship,tank landing,states,united,tank,ship,landing,navy
Complete Works is a comedy web series first aired on the subscription website, Hulu in 2014.	subscription website,web series,comedy web,complete works,works,website,comedy,subscription,series,complete,hulu
There are a number of languages of Morocco.	language,number,morocco
The 2003–04 Macedonian Second Football League was the twelfth season since its establishment.	twelfth season,football league,second football,macedonian second,second,season,football,twelfth,league,macedonian,establishment
Bronwyn Grace Studman is an Australian football player, who last played for Perth Glory in the Australian W-League.	australian w,perth glory,football player,australian football,grace studman,bronwyn grace,australian,grace,studman,player,perth,football,glory,bronwyn,league
Sociedad Deportiva Ponferradina, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Ponferrada, in the El Bierzo region, in the autonomous community of Castile and León.	autonomous community,bierzo region,football team,el bierzo,spanish football,deportiva ponferradina,sociedad deportiva,deportiva,castile,ponferradina,community,s.a.d.,autonomous,spanish,region,football,bierzo
Kyunsu or Kanmaw Township is a township of Myeik District in the Taninthayi Division of Myanmar.	taninthayi division,myeik district,kanmaw township,township,division,taninthayi,kanmaw,district,myeik,myanmar,kyunsu
Anbil Poyyamozhi was an Indian politician and a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.He was Close Confidante friend of DMK President M. K. Stalin.	k. stalin,m. k.,president m.,confidante friend,dmk president,tamil nadu,close confidante,legislative assembly,indian politician,anbil poyyamozhi,poyyamozhi,indian,politician,president,member,legislative,friend
Michael Zarnock is an American writer of collector guides and articles about Hot Wheels toy cars and accessories.	toy car,wheels toy,hot wheels,collector guide,american writer,michael zarnock,zarnock,american,writer,wheels,collector,guide,article
The Mark Twain Prize for American Humor is an American award presented by the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts annually since 1998.	performing arts,kennedy center,f. kennedy,american award,john f.,american humor,twain prize,mark twain,american,performing,twain,center,prize,kennedy,john,award,arts
Sol Republic, Inc.	republic,inc.
Winseldorf is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	municipality,holstein,district,schleswig,steinburg,winseldorf,germany
Carew Harbour is a 3 km wide bay indenting for 8 km the southwest coast of West Falkland in the Falkland Islands, South Atlantic.	south atlantic,falkland islands,west falkland,southwest coast,wide bay,km wide,carew harbour,falkland,south,harbour,islands,coast,west,southwest,wide
Purden Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.	provincial park,british columbia,lake provincial,purden lake,lake,columbia,provincial,british,park,purden,canada
The accordion is a graphical control element comprising a vertically stacked list of items, such as labels or thumbnails.	control element,graphical control,graphical,label,control,item,element,list,accordion,thumbnail
Trunk Highway 310 is a highway in northwest Minnesota, which runs from its intersection with MN 11 and MN 89 in Roseau and continues north to its northern terminus at the Canadian border; where the route becomes Manitoba Provincial Road 310 upon crossing the border, near the community of South Junction, Manitoba.	south junction,provincial road,manitoba provincial,canadian border,northern terminus,northwest minnesota,trunk highway,border,highway,manitoba,northwest,minnesota,northern,terminus,intersection,roseau
Shirley Henderson is a Scottish actress.	scottish actress,shirley henderson,henderson,scottish,shirley,actress
Baron Göran Fredrik von Otter was a Swedish diplomat and friherre, best known for his service in Berlin during World War II. Anne Sofie von Otter is von Otter's daughter; former Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik von Otter was his grandfather.	von otter,fredrik von,swedish diplomat,war ii,world war,anne sofie,sofie von,swedish prime,prime minister,minister fredrik,otter,swedish,fredrik,göran,world,berlin,anne
Hospital Clínica Bíblica is a hospital in San José, Costa Rica.	costa rica,san josé,clínica bíblica,hospital clínica,hospital,costa,josé,clínica,bíblica,rica
The September 2016 Budapest explosion occurred on 24 September 2016 when a young man detonated a nail bomb to kill two patrolling police officers.	police officer,patrolling police,nail bomb,young man,budapest explosion,september,police,patrolling,bomb,nail,young,budapest,explosion,officer
Edward Douglas White Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic junior and senior high school in Thibodaux, Louisiana in the Diocese of Houma-Thibodaux.	high school,catholic junior,roman catholic,senior high,catholic high,white catholic,douglas white,edward douglas,catholic,thibodaux,school,high,douglas,white,diocese,louisiana,houma,roman
This is a list of species in the agaric fungi genus Gymnopilus.	genus gymnopilus,fungus genus,agaric fungus,specie,genus,agaric,fungus,list,gymnopilus
Fredrick William Rouse was an English professional football centre forward who played in the Football League for Chelsea, Everton, Grimsby Town, Stoke and West Bromwich Albion.	bromwich albion,grimsby town,west bromwich,football league,football centre,professional football,english professional,william rouse,fredrick william,football,bromwich,william,west,rouse,stoke,english,town,professional,grimsby
The District Council of Alexandrina was a local government area in rural South Australia from 1856 to 1888.	south australia,rural south,government area,local government,district council,council,south,alexandrina,rural,local,area,government,district,australia
Luca Pancalli is a sports manager and former swimmer.	sport manager,luca pancalli,pancalli,manager,sport,luca,swimmer
Joonas Viljami Suotamo ; born 3 October 1986) is a Finnish actor and former professional basketball player.	basketball player,professional basketball,finnish actor,viljami suotamo,joonas viljami,viljami,basketball,suotamo,professional,october,actor,finnish,joonas,player
Alisdair "Ali" Sutherland is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Elgin City.	elgin city,professional footballer,scottish professional,elgin,sutherland,forward,scottish,footballer,professional,alisdair,city
Theresienwiese is an open space in the Munich borough of Ludwigsvorstadt-Isarvorstadt.	munich borough,open space,open,ludwigsvorstadt,space,borough,munich,theresienwiese,isarvorstadt
Tamás Székely was a Hungarian alpine skier.	alpine skier,hungarian alpine,tamás székely,székely,alpine,hungarian,tamás,skier
Catherine Grace "Cady" Coleman is an American chemist, a former United States Air Force officer, and a retired NASA astronaut.	nasa astronaut,force officer,retired nasa,air force,states air,united states,american chemist,catherine grace,grace,nasa,cady,retired,coleman,officer,american,force,chemist
Siveh Dar is a village in Shepiran Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,west azerbaijan,salmas county,kuhsar district,rural district,shepiran rural,siveh dar,district,province,azerbaijan,village,west,shepiran,county,rural,salmas
Downers Grove South High School, or DGS, and locally referred to as "South", is a public four-year high school located at the corner of Dunham Road and 63rd Street in Downers Grove, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	high school,united states,western suburb,downers grove,year high,dunham road,south high,grove south,downer grove,illinois,grove,south,school,high,united,road,street,dunham
The Afon Ogwen is a river in north-west Wales draining from some of the greatest peaks in Snowdonia before discharging to the sea on the eastern side of Bangor, Gwynedd.	great peak,west wales,afon ogwen,ogwen,bangor,river,eastern,north,west,snowdonia,wales,peak
Mount Lico is an inselberg mountain in the Alto Molocue District of Zambezia Province in northern Mozambique, most notable for its old-growth rainforest and its lack of penetration by humans.	growth rainforest,northern mozambique,zambezia province,molocue district,alto molocue,inselberg mountain,mount lico,lico,penetration,inselberg,lack,mountain,rainforest,alto,growth,molocue
Yorkville is a village in Belmont and Jefferson counties in the U.S. state of Ohio.	u.s. state,jefferson county,village,state,belmont,u.s.,jefferson,county,yorkville,ohio
Velká Jesenice is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	czech republic,králové region,hradec králové,náchod district,velká jesenice,jesenice,czech,village,region,municipality,králové,náchod,hradec,district,velká
Yorkshire 3 is an English rugby union league at the ninth tier of the domestic competition.	domestic competition,ninth tier,union league,rugby union,english rugby,english,domestic,rugby,tier,union,ninth,league,yorkshire,competition
Amestejan is a village in Chehregan Rural District, Tasuj District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,east azerbaijan,shabestar county,tasuj district,rural district,chehregan rural,district,province,village,azerbaijan,chehregan,east,rural,county,shabestar,iran
Ratjai Sripet is a Thai sprinter.	thai sprinter,ratjai sripet,sripet,thai,ratjai,sprinter
The Kenai Peninsula is a large peninsula jutting from the coast of Southcentral Alaska.	southcentral alaska,large peninsula,kenai peninsula,peninsula,southcentral,coast,alaska,kenai,large
Daniel Patricio Angulo Arroyo is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays as a Forward for CS Emelec of the Ecuadorian Serie A.	serie a.,ecuadorian serie,cs emelec,ecuadorian footballer,angulo arroyo,patricio angulo,daniel patricio,ecuadorian,patricio,angulo,serie,arroyo,forward,footballer,emelec,daniel
Baava Baamaida is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film starring Shivarajkumar and Rambha in the lead roles.	lead role,comedy film,romantic comedy,language romantic,kannada language,indian kannada,baava baamaida,baamaida,lead,indian,rambha,kannada,shivarajkumar,language,film,romantic,comedy
Roland Graupner is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s.	sprint canoer,german sprint,east german,roland graupner,graupner,late,east,canoer,german,sprint,roland
Strip Art Features is a comic-book publishing house and rights agent currently based in Celje, Slovenia.	right agent,publishing house,book publishing,art feature,strip art,celje,feature,agent,comic,right,book,house,publishing,strip
The Greenes are an American Southern gospel trio from the Boone, North Carolina, and they started making music together in 1978.	north carolina,gospel trio,southern gospel,american southern,american,carolina,southern,north,gospel,boone,trio,greenes,music
Felipe Andrés Mora Aliaga is a Chilean footballer who plays for Liga MX club UNAM as a striker.	club unam,mx club,chilean footballer,liga mx,mora aliaga,andrés mora,felipe andrés,andrés,unam,mora,club,aliaga,chilean,liga,footballer,felipe
Duros de harina are a popular Mexican snack food made of puffed wheat, often flavored with chilli and lime.When cooked, duros have a light, airy consistency similar to chicharrones.	consistency similar,snack food,airy consistency,mexican snack,popular mexican,harina,similar,popular,consistency,mexican,airy,snack,light,food,duro
By far the most influential and popular music-related publication of the sixties was the weekly magazine Go-Set, which was published from 1966 to 1974.	magazine go,weekly magazine,popular music,popular,music,magazine,publication,weekly,sixty,influential
Frank Cochran (1853?	frank,cochran
The 2014 - 15 season will be Raja Casablancas 65th year in existence, they had a quite successful 2013 - 2014 season where despite not winning any silverware they finished as runners - up in the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup, losing to Bayern Munich of Germany in the final.	bayern munich,world cup,club world,fifa club,raja casablancas,season,germany,munich,bayern,world,club,fifa,year
The mission of the 131st Operations Group, 131st Bomb Wing, is to provide expeditionary, B-2 global strike combat support capabilities to geographic commanders and Commander, United States Strategic Command.	strategic command,states strategic,geographic commander,support capability,united states,combat support,strike combat,bomb wing,global strike,commander,strategic,states,strike,global,combat,support,expeditionary
Lelu is a village in Hiiumaa Parish, Hiiu County, on the island of Hiiumaa, Estonia.	hiiu county,hiiumaa parish,hiiumaa,village,hiiu,county,parish,island,lelu,estonia
Master of the Retablo of the Reyes Catolicos, was a Spanish painter.	spanish painter,reyes catolicos,retablo,spanish,reyes,catolicos,master,painter
Abacetus exul is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.	subfamily pterostichinae,ground beetle,abacetus exul,exul,subfamily,species,beetle,ground,abacetus,pterostichinae
Kyunkon is a village in Bhamo Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.	eastern burma,kachin state,bhamo district,bhamo township,bhamo,eastern,village,north,state,kachin,district,burma,kyunkon,township
Data cleansing or data cleaning is the process of detecting and correcting corrupt or inaccurate records from a record set, table, or database and refers to identifying incomplete, incorrect, inaccurate or irrelevant parts of the data and then replacing, modifying, or deleting the dirty or coarse data.	coarse datum,irrelevant part,record set,inaccurate record,datum cleaning,datum cleansing,datum,inaccurate,record,database,table,incomplete,process,incorrect,cleaning
Fyfield Down is part of the Marlborough Downs, about 1.5 miles north of the village of Fyfield, Wiltshire.	marlborough,fyfield,downs,village,mile,down,wiltshire
Inka Ermalenko 24 August 1963) is a retired Ukrainian female volleyball player.	volleyball player,female volleyball,ukrainian female,retired ukrainian,inka ermalenko,ermalenko,volleyball,august,female,retired,ukrainian,inka,player
Nilakkal St.Thomas Ecumenical Church is one among the Ezharappallikal and an ecumenical church in Angamoozhy, Kerala, India.Nilakkal is a forest, almost 52 kilometres east to Ranni and near Sabarimala.	ecumenical church,thomas ecumenical,nilakkal st,nilakkal,church,ecumenical,ranni,kilometre,forest,kerala,india,angamoozhy
Child sexual abuse, also called child molestation, is a form of child abuse in which an adult or older adolescent uses a child for sexual stimulation.	sexual stimulation,old adolescent,child abuse,child molestation,sexual abuse,child sexual,child,sexual,abuse,adult,adolescent,molestation,form,stimulation
Kanwar Pal Singh Gill was an Indian Police Service officer.	service officer,police service,singh gill,indian police,pal singh,kanwar pal,service,singh,police,gill,indian,kanwar,officer
Feidlimid mac Óengusa , or Feidlimid Dub, was an Eoganachta King of Munster in the early 6th century.	eoganachta king,feidlimid dub,mac óengusa,feidlimid mac,feidlimid,early,munster,king,eoganachta,óengusa,century
The Simmonds Islands are a small group of uninhabited islands in the Far North District of the Northland Region of New Zealand.	new zealand,northland region,north district,far north,uninhabited island,small group,simmonds islands,islands,small,region,group,northland,uninhabited,district,island,north
Steniolia eremica is a species of sand wasp in the family Crabronidae.	family crabronidae,sand wasp,steniolia eremica,eremica,family,species,wasp,sand,steniolia,crabronidae
Johannes Gerhard was a Lutheran church leader and Lutheran Scholastic theologian during the period of Orthodoxy.	scholastic theologian,lutheran scholastic,church leader,lutheran church,johannes gerhard,lutheran,period,theologian,gerhard,scholastic,church,leader,orthodoxy,johannes
Vakhtang VI , also known as Vakhtang the Scholar, Vakhtang the Lawgiver and Ḥosaynqolī Khan (Persian: حسین‌قلی خان‎, translit.	حسین‌قلی خان‎,ḥosaynqolī khan,vakhtang vi,vakhtang,خان‎,حسین‌قلی,lawgiver,persian,ḥosaynqolī,khan,translit,scholar
Daniel Charles Oliver was an American politician from New York.	new york,american politician,charles oliver,daniel charles,charles,oliver,politician,american,daniel,york
Elliot Forbes , known as "El", was an American conductor and musicologist noted for his Beethoven scholarship.	beethoven scholarship,american conductor,elliot forbes,forbes,beethoven,musicologist,american,conductor,elliot,scholarship
The Women's Open International de Squash de Nantes 2016 is the women's edition of the 2016 Open International de Squash de Nantes, which is a tournament of the PSA World Tour event Challenger .	open international,event challenger,tour event,world tour,psa world,open,nantes,event,tour,world,international,edition,tournament,squash
Ilmari Linna was a Finnish business executive and politician.	business executive,finnish business,ilmari linna,linna,executive,finnish,business,ilmari,politician
Pressure piling describes phenomena related to combustion of gases in a tube or long vessel.	long vessel,pressure piling,piling,long,phenomenon,tube,combustion,pressure,vessel
Ruth Beckermann is a Jewish Austrian filmmaker and writer.	austrian filmmaker,jewish austrian,ruth beckermann,beckermann,filmmaker,jewish,austrian,ruth,writer
Philippe Saive is a male former international table tennis player from Belgium.	tennis player,table tennis,international table,philippe saive,saive,player,male,tennis,international,table,philippe,belgium
The FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship, previously known as FIBA Europe Championship for Cadets, is a basketball competition inaugurated in 1971.	fiba europe,basketball competition,europe championship,championship,europe,basketball,cadets,fiba,competition
Russians in Lithuania numbered 140,000 people, according to the Lithuanian estimates of 2015, or 4.8% of the total population of Lithuania.First early settlements of Ruthenians in what is now Lithuania date back to late medieval ages when the first proto-Russian merchants and craftsmen began to permanently reside in several Lithuanian towns.	lithuanian town,russian merchant,medieval age,late medieval,lithuania date,early settlement,total population,lithuanian estimate,lithuania,lithuanian,proto,russian,medieval,merchant,late,craftsman,total
Maxime Beaumont is a French sprint canoeist.	sprint canoeist,french sprint,maxime beaumont,beaumont,sprint,french,maxime,canoeist
Night Stage to Galveston is a 1952 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Norman S. Hall.	s. hall,norman s.,george archainbaud,western film,american western,night stage,stage,galveston,norman,american,archainbaud,western,george,film,night
Beth Sullivan is an American film and television writer and producer, best known as the creator and executive producer of the CBS series Doctor Quinn, Medicine Woman.	medicine woman,doctor quinn,series doctor,television writer,cbs series,executive producer,american film,beth sullivan,producer,sullivan,medicine,american,quinn,film,doctor,television,series,writer
Pozalmuro is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain.	municipality,león,province,castile,soria,pozalmuro,spain
North State Public Radio is an NPR-affiliated public radio broadcaster which has main stations in the Northern California cities of Redding and Chico.	public radio,california city,northern california,main station,radio broadcaster,state public,north state,public,radio,redding,city,california,state,northern,station,main,broadcaster
Delta Monocerotis is a class A2V star in the constellation Monoceros.	constellation monoceros,delta monocerotis,monocerotis,constellation,class,star,delta,monoceros
Endotricha faceta is a species of snout moth in the genus Endotricha.	genus endotricha,snout moth,endotricha faceta,endotricha,faceta,species,snout,moth,genus
Agni-VI is an intercontinental ballistic missile being developed by the DRDO for the use of the Indian Armed Forces Strategic Forces Command.	forces command,strategic forces,forces strategic,armed forces,ballistic missile,indian armed,intercontinental ballistic,forces,intercontinental,armed,ballistic,indian,missile,drdo,agni
Saleignes is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,maritime department,commune,southwestern,charente,department,maritime,saleigne,france
The Friends of Waldorf Education (Freunde der Erziehungskunst Rudolf Steiners e.	steiners e.,rudolf steiners,erziehungskunst rudolf,der erziehungskunst,freunde der,waldorf education,waldorf,steiners,education,rudolf,freunde,erziehungskunst,friends
Hydrangea peruviana is a species of shrub or woody climber in the Hydrangeaceae family.	hydrangeaceae family,woody climber,hydrangea peruviana,peruviana,hydrangeaceae,species,climber,shrub,woody,hydrangea,family
Adrian Bevington (born c.	bevington,adrian
Odontocera nigrovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,odontocera nigrovittata,nigrovittata,family,species,beetle,odontocera,cerambycidae
Kyrkjebø is a village in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	fjordane county,høyanger municipality,village,county,høyanger,fjordane,municipality,sogn,kyrkjebø,norway
Club Deportivo Espartano is a Salvadoran professional football club based in San Julián, Sonsonate, El Salvador.	el salvador,san julián,football club,professional football,salvadoran professional,deportivo espartano,club deportivo,club,sonsonate,julián,salvadoran,espartano,professional,deportivo,football
Federal Row consists of five historic residential buildings located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania.	erie county,residential building,historic residential,federal row,erie,historic,county,residential,building,federal,pennsylvania
Barrow Hill is a village in Derbyshire north-east of the town of Chesterfield.	derbyshire north,barrow hill,hill,town,village,east,derbyshire,north,barrow,chesterfield
Oedura argentea is a species of velvet gecko that has been recently described from the sandstone ranges of central-north Queensland, Australia.	north queensland,sandstone range,velvet gecko,oedura argentea,argentea,queensland,species,north,velvet,central,gecko,range,sandstone,oedura
Rakon Limited is a technology company founded in 1967 that designs and manufactures frequency control products, primarily quartz crystals and temperature-compensated crystal oscillators , oven controlled crystal oscillators and voltage controlled crystal oscillators .	crystal oscillator,quartz crystal,control product,frequency control,technology company,rakon limited,crystal,limited,technology,company,frequency,control,product,quartz,oscillator,voltage
A Jog-A-Thon is a type of fund-raising event used by various schools and non-profit organizations to raise money via donations.	money,thon,organization,type,profit,fund,event,school
Childers Pharmaceutical Museum is a heritage-listed former pharmacy and now museum at 88-90 Churchill Street, Childers, Bundaberg Region, Queensland, Australia.	bundaberg region,churchill street,pharmaceutical museum,childers pharmaceutical,museum,childers,queensland,region,bundaberg,street,churchill,pharmaceutical,heritage,pharmacy
Minas da Panasqueira or Mina da Panasqueira  is the generic name for a set of mining operations between Cabeço do Pião and the village of Panasqueira , which operated in a technically integrated manner and continue practically since its discovery.	da panasqueira,mina da,integrated manner,mining operation,minas da,panasqueira,manner,operation,mining,cabeço,integrated,pião,generic
Scabrethia is a genus of North American flowering plants in the sunflower family.	sunflower family,north american,genus,sunflower,north,plant,american,scabrethia,family
Penang FA President's Cup Team are the under-21 team of Penang FA. They play in the Malaysia President's Cup, which is the top level of reserve football in Malaysia.	penang fa,fa president,cup team,reserve football,malaysia president,team,malaysia,president,reserve,level,football,penang
The Northern Great Lakes Visitor Center is a visitor center and natural history museum located west of Ashland, Wisconsin, near the corner of Highway G and U.S. Highway 2.	visitor center,u.s. highway,history museum,highway g,natural history,lakes visitor,great lakes,northern great,highway,great,lakes,visitor,center,natural,history,museum,west,ashland
Power Systems is a family of server computers from IBM that are based on its POWER processors.	power processor,server computer,power systems,power,server,family,computer,systems,processor
Apache Hadoop is a collection of open-source software utilities that facilitate using a network of many computers to solve problems involving massive amounts of data and computation.	massive amount,software utility,source software,apache hadoop,hadoop,datum,collection,amount,open,massive,source,problem,software,computer
Salwa Zeidan is a Lebanese artist, sculptor, and curator.	lebanese artist,salwa zeidan,zeidan,sculptor,lebanese,artist,salwa,curator
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from 201001 through 202000, inclusive.	minor planet,partial list,list,planet,minor,partial,inclusive
India's Ministry of Defence finalised a project for the procurement of four Landing Helicopter Docks in order to upgrade the Indian Navy's disaster response, amphibious warfare and island protection capabilities.	protection capability,island protection,amphibious warfare,disaster response,indian navy,helicopter docks,landing helicopter,ministry,protection,defence,island,project,warfare,procurement,amphibious,landing,response
Carrington is a civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.	greater manchester,metropolitan borough,civil parish,civil,manchester,parish,greater,metropolitan,trafford,borough,carrington,england
The Calvinistic Congregational Church is an historic church building located at 820 Main Street in Fitchburg, Massachusetts.	main street,church building,historic church,congregational church,calvinistic congregational,church,fitchburg,congregational,street,main,building,massachusetts,calvinistic,historic
Karachi Civic Center is the Civic Center which is the headquarters for the Government of Karachi and the office for the Mayor of Karachi is located here.	civic center,karachi civic,karachi,center,headquarters,civic,government,office,mayor
Confrontation or (Russian: Противостояние, translit.	russian,противостояние,confrontation,translit
Torabyeh is a Jordanian rap band from Amman, Jordan, formed in 2009.	rap band,jordanian rap,jordanian,amman,band,torabyeh,jordan
The Sons of Confederate Veterans is an American non-profit and charitable organization of male descendants of Confederate veterans headquartered at the Elm Springs in Columbia, Tennessee.	elm springs,male descendant,charitable organization,american non,confederate veterans,confederate,columbia,springs,profit,charitable,organization,american,male
Beach volleyball at the 2018 Asian Games was held in Palembang, Indonesia from August 19 to 28, 2018.	asian games,beach volleyball,volleyball,indonesia,asian,palembang,games,beach,august
The Chagai Hills is a range of granite hills in the Chagai District in Pakistan's Balochistan province.	balochistan province,chagai district,granite hill,chagai hills,chagai,balochistan,pakistan,district,range,granite,hills,hill,province
LoooBiar-e Kord is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,north khorasan,samalqan county,central district,rural district,howmeh rural,e kord,district,province,khorasan,kord,north,village,county,howmeh,samalqan
Dude, You're a Fag: Masculinity and Sexuality in High School is a 2007 book by C. J. Pascoe.	j. pascoe,c. j.,high school,masculinity,sexuality,book,high,school,dude,pascoe
Makonde chess sets are made by the Makonde tribe of south-west Tanzania and Mozambique who have for centuries been greatly skilled in wood carving and Makonde art is a distinctive style.	distinctive style,makonde art,west tanzania,wood carving,makonde tribe,chess set,makonde chess,makonde,distinctive,mozambique,tanzania,century,west,skilled,south,wood
Drive is a song by English electronic group Client, released as the third single from their third studio album, Heartland.	studio album,group client,electronic group,english electronic,song,album,english,studio,electronic,single,group,client,drive,heartland
The Combat of the Côa was a skirmish that occurred during the Peninsular War period of the Napoleonic Wars.	napoleonic wars,war period,peninsular war,napoleonic,skirmish,period,peninsular,combat,wars
Ensay is a small town located between Swifts Creek and Bruthen on the Great Alpine Road in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	east gippsland,alpine road,great alpine,swifts creek,small town,small,victoria,town,gippsland,swifts,east,creek,road,bruthen,alpine
Franklin Swift Billings Jr.	billings jr.,swift billings,franklin swift,swift,billings,franklin
The Pin Index Safety System, or PISS, is a means of connecting high pressure cylinders containing medical gases to a regulator or other utilization equipment.	utilization equipment,medical gas,pressure cylinder,safety system,high pressure,index safety,pin index,index,utilization,safety,regulator,system,piss,medical,means,cylinder
The L.A. Complex is a Canadian drama series which premiered on CTV on January 10, 2012, subsequently airing on MuchMusic.	drama series,canadian drama,l.a. complex,complex,january,canadian,drama,series,l.a.,muchmusic
Anthaxia inornata is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family Buprestidae.	family buprestidae,boring beetle,metallic wood,anthaxia inornata,inornata,family,species,beetle,metallic,boring,wood,anthaxia,buprestidae
Laurent Merlin is a French footballer who plays for Latina.	french footballer,laurent merlin,merlin,footballer,french,laurent,latina
The 1913 Rock Island Independents season was the team's sixth season in existence.	sixth season,independents season,island independents,rock island,season,island,independents,team,sixth,rock,existence
Barry Maguire is an Irish-Dutch footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Geylang International.	geylang international,defensive midfielder,dutch footballer,barry maguire,maguire,geylang,irish,midfielder,dutch,defensive,footballer,barry,international
Yolandi Potgieter is a South African cricketer.	african cricketer,south african,yolandi potgieter,potgieter,african,south,yolandi,cricketer
An outing club or outdoors club is a student society centered on outdoor recreation.	outdoor recreation,student society,outdoors club,outing club,club,outdoor,society,student,recreation,outing,outdoors
The Tuichawng is a river of Mizoram, Northeast India..	river,northeast,mizoram,tuichawng,india
Moni Kumar Subba in Darjileeng West Bengal India, was a member of the 12th Lok Sabha, 13th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha of India from 1998 to 2009.	lok sabha,bengal india,west bengal,darjileeng west,kumar subba,moni kumar,sabha,india,kumar,subba,darjileeng,west,bengal,member
Raimo Ylipulli is a Finnish former ski jumper who competed from 1986 to 1994.	finnish,ylipulli,jumper
Adelaide Hiebel was an artist and illustrator who worked for the Gerlach Barklow Co.	barklow co.,gerlach barklow,adelaide hiebel,hiebel,barklow,artist,gerlach,illustrator,adelaide
Brad Allen Williams is an American guitarist, producer, and songwriter/composer.	american guitarist,allen williams,brad allen,allen,songwriter,williams,producer,american,guitarist,brad,composer
Deh-e Khadar is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	kerman province,jiroft county,sarduiyeh district,rural district,gevar rural,e khadar,district,province,khadar,kerman,village,county,gevar,jiroft,rural
March is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	mazandaran province,nur county,baladeh district,rural district,nuri rural,e nuri,sheykh fazlolah,district,village,province,sheykh,mazandaran,fazlolah,county,nuri
The Wengen Jungfrau is a summit of the Bernese Alps, north of the Jungfrau on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais.	swiss canton,bernese alps,wengen jungfrau,jungfrau,bern,canton,swiss,border,bernese,alps,summit,north,valais
The Peru Tribune is a daily newspaper that began publishing on April 16, 1921.	daily newspaper,peru tribune,tribune,newspaper,daily,peru,april
Blasimon is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.	southwestern france,gironde department,commune,southwestern,gironde,aquitaine,department,nouvelle,blasimon,france
Isaac Thompson is a New Zealand rugby union player.	union player,rugby union,zealand rugby,new zealand,isaac thompson,thompson,union,rugby,zealand,isaac,player
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Uruguay:	overview,guide,topical,outline,uruguay
Uruguay – sovereign country located in southeastern South America.	south america,southeastern south,sovereign country,sovereign,south,country,southeastern,uruguay,america
In mathematics, the theta correspondence or Howe correspondence is a correspondence between automorphic forms associated to the two groups of a dual reductive pair, introduced by Howe as a generalisation of the Shimura correspondence.	shimura correspondence,reductive pair,dual reductive,automorphic form,howe correspondence,theta correspondence,correspondence,howe,theta,dual,group,reductive,form,pair,automorphic,generalisation
Bi'r bin Ghunayma  is a village in the Al Wahat District in north-eastern Cyrenaica, Libya.	eastern cyrenaica,wahat district,al wahat,bin ghunayma,bi'r bin,cyrenaica,ghunayma,eastern,village,north,district,wahat,bi'r
Kiyoji is a masculine Japanese given name.	masculine,kiyoji,japanese
The Australian Poultry Standards is the primary benchmark of exhibition poultry in Australia, covering chickens, turkey, geese, ducks and guinea fowl.	guinea fowl,exhibition poultry,primary benchmark,poultry standards,australian poultry,poultry,guinea,duck,geese,turkey,chicken,primary,benchmark,australia,standards
Park Kyung-Ae is a female former international table tennis player from South Korea.	south korea,tennis player,table tennis,international table,park kyung,kyung,south,player,female,tennis,international,table,park,korea
 Defunct airlines 	defunct,airline
This is a list of now defunct airlines from Iraq.	defunct,airline,list,iraq
Irene Pivetti is an Italian journalist and politician, she was President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1996.	italian chamber,italian journalist,irene pivetti,italian,pivetti,chamber,politician,journalist,president,irene,deputies
The Ashfield Plain Historic District is a historic district roughly, along Main and South Streets and adjacent parts of Buckland and Norton Hill Roads in Ashfield, Massachusetts.	historic district,hill roads,norton hill,adjacent part,south streets,plain historic,ashfield plain,ashfield,streets,adjacent,south,part,main,buckland,district,norton,historic
Pseudofusicoccum adansoniae is an endophytic fungus that might be a canker pathogen, specifically for Adansonia gibbosa .	adansonia gibbosa,canker pathogen,endophytic fungus,pseudofusicoccum adansoniae,adansoniae,adansonia,endophytic,pathogen,fungus,canker,pseudofusicoccum,gibbosa
Odysseas Androutsos was a hero of the Greek War of Independence.	greek war,odysseas androutsos,androutsos,hero,greek,odysseas,independence
Harbison Canyon is a census-designated place in San Diego County, California.	diego county,san diego,harbison canyon,canyon,county,census,diego,place,harbison,california
Checking In is the premiere episode of the fifth season of the anthology television series American Horror Story.	horror story,american horror,series american,television series,anthology television,fifth season,premiere episode,episode,horror,fifth,american,season,series,anthology,television,premiere,story
Rugby union in Uzbekistan is a minor but growing sport.	union,minor,uzbekistan,rugby,sport
Ke Ling was a Chinese journalist, publicist and writer.	chinese journalist,ke ling,ling,publicist,chinese,journalist,writer
Ashley Fuller Olsen is an American fashion designer, businesswoman, author, and former actress and producer.	fashion designer,american fashion,fuller olsen,ashley fuller,fuller,actress,olsen,author,american,businesswoman,fashion,designer,ashley,producer
The Antillean ghost-faced bat is a species of bat in the family Mormoopidae.	family mormoopidae,antillean ghost,ghost,family,antillean,mormoopidae,species
In furniture-making, the upholstery frame of a piece of furniture gives the structural support and determines the basic shape of the upholstered furniture.	upholstered furniture,basic shape,structural support,upholstery frame,furniture,basic,support,shape,upholstery,frame,structural,upholstered,making,piece
Waqid ibn Abdullah was a companion of Muhammad who participated in the Nakhla Raid during Muhammad's era.	nakhla raid,ibn abdullah,waqid ibn,muhammad,abdullah,companion,nakhla,raid,waqid
Mikail Safarbekovich Gutseriev  is an Ingush entrepreneur, Doctor of Economics, poet, member of the Union of Writers of the Russian Federation.	russian federation,ingush entrepreneur,safarbekovich gutseriev,mikail safarbekovich,safarbekovich,russian,gutseriev,writers,ingush,union,entrepreneur,member,doctor,poet
Clarence Leroy Van Cleef Jr.	cleef jr.,van cleef,leroy van,clarence leroy,leroy,cleef,clarence
Houghton is one of the lakeside neighborhoods of the city of Kirkland, Washington.	lakeside,kirkland,neighborhood,city,houghton,washington
Ty Gooden is an English former professional footballer.	professional footballer,ty gooden,gooden,professional,english,footballer
Magherabeg railway station was on the Banbridge, Lisburn and Belfast Railway which ran from Knockmore Junction to Banbridge in Northern Ireland.	northern ireland,knockmore junction,belfast railway,railway station,magherabeg railway,railway,banbridge,northern,belfast,knockmore,lisburn,junction,station,ireland,magherabeg
The CAMIF, also the Camera Interface block is the hardware block that interfaces with different image sensor interfaces and provides a standard output that can be used for subsequent image processing.	image processing,standard output,subsequent image,sensor interface,image sensor,different image,hardware block,interface block,camera interface,image,interface,block,camera,output,subsequent,standard,different,sensor,camif
Seyyed Mohammad Bagher Borghei Modarres; July 2, 1986 is an Iranian linguist, critic, cineast and religious scholar.	religious scholar,iranian linguist,borghei modarres,bagher borghei,mohammad bagher,seyyed mohammad,mohammad,religious,bagher,cineast,borghei,critic,modarres,linguist,july,iranian
The Maynes Creek Formation is a geologic formation in Iowa.	geologic formation,creek formation,maynes creek,formation,creek,maynes,geologic,iowa
Radio Sessions is a compilation album of recordings made by the British band Curve during their two sessions for John Peel's show on the UK broadcasting station Radio 1.	station radio,broadcasting station,john peel,band curve,uk broadcasting,british band,compilation album,radio sessions,radio,sessions,compilation,album,recording,british,band,curve,session,john
Afanasyev or Afanasyeva is a Russian last name.	afanasyeva,afanasyev,russian
The Salley Historic District, located in Salley, South Carolina, consists of 99 contributing structures and 51 non-contributing resources, and provides a good example of a South Carolina rural community during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	south carolina,twentieth century,early twentieth,late nineteenth,rural community,carolina rural,good example,historic district,salley historic,carolina,south,salley,twentieth,early,nineteenth,late,community,resource
Concordia Cornelia Johanna Selander, née Hård , was a Swedish actress and theatre manager.	theatre manager,swedish actress,johanna selander,cornelia johanna,concordia cornelia,cornelia,theatre,johanna,actress,selander,swedish,hård,concordia,manager
Ciudad Perdida is the archaeological site of an ancient city in Colombia's Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta.	santa marta,de santa,nevada de,ancient city,sierra nevada,archaeological site,ciudad perdida,perdida,santa,archaeological,site,nevada,ancient,sierra,city,colombia
Louis Ferdinand Alfred Maury , was a French scholar and physician, important because his ideas about the interpretation of dreams and the effect of external stimuli on dreams pre-dated those of Sigmund Freud.	sigmund freud,dream pre,french scholar,external stimulus,alfred maury,ferdinand alfred,louis ferdinand,dream,ferdinand,sigmund,alfred,maury,french,scholar,physician,important
Year 4 BC was a common year starting on Tuesday or Wednesday of the Julian calendar and a common year starting on Monday of the Proleptic Julian calendar.	common year,julian calendar,proleptic julian,year,julian,common,wednesday,proleptic,tuesday,monday,calendar
Coorg State was a Part-C state in the Union of India which existed from 1950 to 1956.When the Constitution of India came into force on 26 January 1950, most of the existing provinces were reconstituted into states.	c state,coorg state,state,india,force,january,province,union,part,constitution,coorg
Massala is a town in western Ivory Coast.	ivory coast,western ivory,town,ivory,western,massala,coast
Janet Bell is an English former middle-distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres.	distance runner,janet bell,bell,runner,english,distance,middle,janet,metre
Aleksandar Gaćeša is a Serbian professional basketball player.	basketball player,professional basketball,serbian professional,aleksandar gaćeša,gaćeša,basketball,serbian,professional,aleksandar,player
Sir William Dick of Braid was a 17th century Scottish landowner, banker and merchant who served as Lord Provost of Edinburgh from 1638 to 1640.	lord provost,scottish landowner,century scottish,william dick,sir william,william,provost,dick,lord,braid,merchant,banker,century,landowner
Richard Kenward was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1899 and for Sussex in 1902.	class cricket,english cricketer,richard kenward,kenward,derbyshire,english,cricket,cricketer,class,richard,sussex
About| The figure skater the Anime character viktor nikiforov|Yuri on Ice}}	character viktor,anime character,figure skater,figure,viktor,skater,character,anime,about|
Viktor Vasilievich Nikiforov was a Soviet hockey player.	hockey player,soviet hockey,vasilievich nikiforov,viktor vasilievich,vasilievich,hockey,nikiforov,soviet,viktor,player
tmpfs is a common name for a temporary file storage facility on many Unix-like operating systems.	operating system,like operating,storage facility,file storage,temporary file,common,operating,temporary,like,file,unix,storage,facility,tmpfs,system
Under Cold Blue Stars is the third album by indie folk musician Josh Rouse.	josh rouse,musician josh,folk musician,blue stars,indie folk,cold blue,blue,josh,stars,musician,album,folk,indie,cold,rouse
Assem Ahmed Marei is an Egyptian basketball player for Pınar Karşıyaka of the Turkish Basketball Super League.Marei first played for Egyptian side Zamalek SC, before being recognized by other leagues at the FIBA U-19 world Championship.	world championship,zamalek sc,super league,basketball super,turkish basketball,pınar karşıyaka,basketball player,egyptian basketball,league,basketball,marei,egyptian,world,ahmed,fiba,pınar,karşıyaka
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1999 European Athletics U23 Championships was held in Göteborg, Sweden, at Ullevi on 29 and 30 July 1999.	european athletics,hurdle event,metre hurdle,metre,ullevi,hurdle,sweden,event,göteborg,european,championships,athletics
Karolyn Kirby is a retired female beach volleyball player from the United States.	united states,volleyball player,beach volleyball,female beach,retired female,karolyn kirby,kirby,united,retired,player,female,volleyball,beach,karolyn,states
The discography of Tinchy Stryder, a recording artist whose real name is Kwasi Danquah, consists of four studio albums, one compilation album , one collaboration album, five extended plays, four mixtapes , 17 singles , five singles as a featured artist , and ten collaborations.	featured artist,extended play,collaboration album,compilation album,studio album,kwasi danquah,tinchy stryder,album,artist,single,tinchy,stryder,danquah,kwasi,studio,play,extended
Koji Yanagi is a Japanese writer of mystery and thriller.	japanese writer,koji yanagi,yanagi,mystery,japanese,writer,koji,thriller
Andronikos I Komnenos , usually Latinized as Andronicus I Comnenus, was Byzantine Emperor from 1183 to 1185.	byzantine emperor,i comnenus,andronicus i,komnenos,byzantine,latinized,comnenus,andronicus,andronikos,emperor
Jonas Quant, also known simply as Quant, is a Swedish record producer, songwriter and remixer from Gothenburg.In 2010, Quant co-produced English duo Hurts' debut album Happiness, which became the fastest-selling debut album of that year by a band in the United Kingdom.	debut album,album happiness,duo hurt,english duo,united kingdom,record producer,quant co,swedish record,jonas quant,quant,album,debut,united,band,producer,songwriter,year,record,remixer
Ruben Bover Izquierdo is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Andorra.	fc andorra,spanish footballer,bover izquierdo,ruben bover,bover,izquierdo,footballer,spanish,ruben,andorra
A-Rank Thunder Tanjouhen is a adventure game released in 1993 on Mega-CD. The game was developed by Riot and released by Telenet.	adventure game,thunder tanjouhen,rank thunder,game,thunder,tanjouhen,riot,adventure,mega,rank,telenet
General Issam Hallaq is a senior Syrian Military Commander and Chief of Air Force Staff during the Syrian Civil War.Hallaq has overall responsibility to the Chief of the General Staff for operations and activities of the Air Force.	air force,force staff,civil war,syrian civil,overall responsibility,general staff,military commander,syrian military,senior syrian,issam hallaq,hallaq,syrian,chief,staff,general,activity,overall,civil
Anti-corruption comprises activities that oppose or inhibit corruption.	corruption,activity
St Vincent's Quarter is one of Sheffield's eleven designated quarters, centring on and named after St Vincent's Church.	st vincent,vincent,quarter,sheffield,church
Hazleydi Yoreli Rincón Torres is a Colombian footballer who plays for Colombian club Atlético Huila.	atlético huila,club atlético,colombian footballer,colombian club,rincón torres,yoreli rincón,hazleydi yoreli,colombian,yoreli,atlético,rincón,club,torres,hazleydi,huila,footballer
Formidable was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.	american,racehorse,british,thoroughbred,formidable,sire
Anderson is a city in and the county seat of Anderson County, South Carolina, United States.	united states,south carolina,anderson county,county seat,county,anderson,united,carolina,south,city,seat,states
Act were a short-lived synthpop group signed to ZTT Records in the late 1980s, and comprising British musician Thomas Leer and German ex-Propaganda vocalist Claudia Brücken.	claudia brücken,vocalist claudia,thomas leer,propaganda vocalist,musician thomas,british musician,ztt records,synthpop group,synthpop,claudia,group,vocalist,propaganda,records,german,late,leer
The World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts is a global association supporting the female-oriented and female-only Guiding and Scouting organizations in 150 countries.	global association,girl scouts,girl guides,world association,association,girl,female,organization,guiding,scouts,global,country,guides,world
Tornatellinops is a genus of minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusk, or micromollusks in the family Achatinellidae.	family achatinellidae,gastropod mollusk,terrestrial gastropod,land snail,minute air,genus,family,minute,micromollusk,mollusk,land,gastropod,snail,terrestrial
Sheikh Muhammad Ikram (Urdu: شیخ محمد اکرام; b.	محمد اکرام,شیخ محمد,muhammad ikram,sheikh muhammad,muhammad,اکرام,ikram,محمد,urdu,sheikh
Azerbaijanis in France is a small Azerbaijani diaspora in France, are French citizens and permanent residents of ethnic Azerbaijani background.	azerbaijani background,ethnic azerbaijani,permanent resident,french citizen,azerbaijani diaspora,small azerbaijani,france,azerbaijani,permanent,citizen,resident,french,ethnic,small,diaspora,background
Avcı ) is a Turkish given name and surname.	turkish,avcı,surname
The Women's shot put at the 2010 Commonwealth Games as part of the athletics programme was held at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Saturday 9 October 2010.	nehru stadium,jawaharlal nehru,athletic programme,commonwealth games,shot,saturday,commonwealth,stadium,games,nehru,athletic,jawaharlal,programme,women
 Johnny Bean from Happy Bunny Green was a comic strip in the comic The Beano.	comic strip,bunny green,happy bunny,johnny bean,comic,bean,happy,green,bunny,johnny,strip,beano
Dominant logic relates to the main means a company uses to make a profit.	logic,company,main,dominant,profit
The 1972–73 Austrian Hockey League season was the 43rd season of the Austrian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Austria.	austrian hockey,hockey league,league season,ice hockey,hockey,austrian,season,league,level,austria
Justin Aaron Jackson is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association .	basketball association,national basketball,dallas mavericks,basketball player,professional basketball,american professional,aaron jackson,justin aaron,basketball,aaron,jackson,american,professional,dallas,mavericks,player,national,justin
Antoine Langlois was a Roman Catholic priest that acted as a missionary in the Pacific Northwest and later California.	pacific northwest,catholic priest,roman catholic,antoine langlois,langlois,northwest,roman,pacific,catholic,missionary,priest,antoine,california
The SLZ Group AG is a privately held corporation providing financial services and investment strategies for various funds, the company has his headquarters in Geneve, Switzerland.	investment strategy,financial service,group ag,slz group,group,geneve,headquarters,corporation,company,financial,fund,service,strategy
The Hinggan League (Chinese: 兴安盟; pinyin: Xīng’ān Méng; Mongolian: tr.	xīng’ān méng,hinggan league,league,méng,chinese,xīng’ān,pinyin,hinggan,mongolian
Reynès is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	southern france,orientales department,commune,southern,pyrénées,department,orientales,reynès,france
The World RX of Portugal is a Rallycross event held in Portugal for the FIA World Rallycross Championship.	rallycross championship,world rallycross,fia world,rallycross event,world rx,rallycross,portugal,world,event,championship
Seandre Antonio Richardson is a former American football safety who previously played for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League.	football league,national football,bay packers,football safety,green bay,american football,antonio richardson,seandre antonio,football,antonio,richardson,american,green,packers,safety,national,seandre
The Tupolev Tu-16 was a twin-engined jet strategic heavy bomber used by the Soviet Union.	soviet union,heavy bomber,strategic heavy,jet strategic,soviet,bomber,strategic,heavy,tupolev,union
Karura Kanyungu is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.	central province,karura kanyungu,kanyungu,central,settlement,kenya,karura,province
Septimana Philosophica or The Philosophical Week is an alchemical book written by Michael Maier.	michael maier,alchemical book,philosophical week,septimana philosophica,philosophica,michael,philosophical,book,week,alchemical,septimana,maier
David Gerdes is an American astrophysicist and professor at the University of Michigan.	american astrophysicist,david gerdes,gerdes,university,american,professor,astrophysicist,david,michigan
USS Avoyel was an Achomawi-class fleet ocean tug built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.	naval vessel,war ii,u.s. naval,world war,states navy,ocean tug,united states,fleet ocean,class fleet,uss avoyel,avoyel,naval,achomawi,u.s.,class,fleet,ocean,world
Theodore Rosengarten is an American historian.	american historian,theodore rosengarten,rosengarten,american,theodore,historian
Heka-Azimio is a village in the administrative ward of Heka in the Manyoni district of the Singida Region of Tanzania.	singida region,manyoni district,administrative ward,heka,region,singida,district,manyoni,village,administrative,azimio,ward,tanzania
Prem Singh Labana was an important social, political and religious leader of the Labanas, and worked for the uplift of the Lubana community in the first half of the twentieth century.	twentieth century,lubana community,religious leader,important social,singh labana,prem singh,singh,twentieth,labana,half,important,community,social,lubana,political,uplift
Emory Rains was a lawyer, judge and political leader in the Republic of Texas and thereafter in the State of Texas.	political leader,emory rains,rains,texas,lawyer,republic,judge,leader,political,emory,state
The Futatsuya-Toshuko Dam is a dam in Fukui Prefecture of Japan, completed in 2005.	fukui prefecture,toshuko dam,prefecture,toshuko,fukui,japan,futatsuya
Grecian foxglove is a common name for several plants and may refer to:	foxglove,common,grecian,plant
Acleris ophthalmicana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	species,family,moth,acleris,tortricidae
Brett Ratner is an American director and producer.	american director,brett ratner,ratner,director,american,brett,producer
Blackbriar is a 1972 supernatural young adult coming-of-age novel by William Sleator and was Sleator's first young adult novel.	young adult,age novel,william sleator,adult novel,supernatural young,young,sleator,adult,novel,supernatural,william,blackbriar
Fitzgerald D'Andre Toussaint is an American football running back who is currently a free agent.	free agent,american football,d'andre toussaint,fitzgerald d'andre,d'andre,free,toussaint,football,american,fitzgerald,agent
Pathtrace was founded before 1998 and remains in Reading, Berkshire, England.	reading,berkshire,pathtrace,england
Lexington Township is an inactive township in Lafayette County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.Lexington Township was established in 1824, taking its name from the community of Lexington, Missouri.	lexington township,inactive township,lafayette county,u.s. state,township,lexington,u.s.,county,state,lafayette,missouri,community,inactive
The Southward expansion of the Han dynasty were a series of Chinese military campaigns and expeditions in what is now modern Southern China and Northern Vietnam.	northern vietnam,southern china,military campaign,modern southern,chinese military,han dynasty,southward expansion,expansion,northern,china,dynasty,southern,series,modern,chinese,expedition
Clifton is an unincorporated community in Brownsville Township, Union County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.	u.s. state,union county,brownsville township,unincorporated community,unincorporated,state,community,u.s.,brownsville,county,township,union,clifton,indiana
Gareth Widdop is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays as a five-eighth or fullback and is the captain of the St.	league footballer,rugby league,professional rugby,english professional,gareth widdop,widdop,captain,english,fullback,professional,eighth,rugby,footballer,league,gareth
Vigon on 13 July 1945) is a Moroccan singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer and bandleader.	record producer,moroccan singer,july,dancer,moroccan,producer,singer,record,songwriter,vigon,bandleader
If You Ever Think I Will Stop Goin' in Ask RR is the fifth mixtape by American recording artist Rich Homie Quan.	homie quan,rich homie,artist rich,fifth mixtape,ask rr,homie,fifth,rich,mixtape,artist,american,quan
Jan Bakelants is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Team Sunweb.	team sunweb,worldteam team,racing cyclist,uci worldteam,road racing,professional road,belgian professional,jan bakelants,bakelants,team,belgian,worldteam,professional,road,cyclist,racing
Pieter Both is the second highest mountain of Mauritius, at 820 metres tall.	metre tall,high mountain,second high,second,metre,high,mauritius,mountain,pieter,tall
Miniwiz is an Internationally operating and privately owned company dedicated to upcycling consumer trash and industrial waste.	industrial waste,consumer trash,company,industrial,consumer,trash,miniwiz,waste
Route 85, also known as the Hoboken Freeway, was a proposed 7.60-mile-long limited-access highway in Hudson County and Bergen County, New Jersey.	new jersey,bergen county,hudson county,access highway,long limited,hoboken freeway,county,hoboken,freeway,long,hudson,limited,highway,access,route
Puccinellia maritima is a species of grass known by the common names including seaside alkaligrass, common saltmarsh-grass or sea poa grass.	poa grass,sea poa,common saltmarsh,seaside alkaligrass,common name,puccinellia maritima,grass,common,maritima,species,seaside,name,alkaligrass,saltmarsh
The Benguela railway ) is a Cape gauge railway in Angola that connects the Atlantic port of Lobito to the eastern border town of Luau.	border town,eastern border,atlantic port,gauge railway,cape gauge,benguela railway,railway,town,border,eastern,lobito,port,atlantic,angola,cape,gauge
Ghebreselassie Yoseph was Minister of Finance of Eritrea from February 1997 to 2001.	yoseph,eritrea,minister,finance,ghebreselassie,february
Çamurlu is a village in the District of Göynücek, Amasya Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,amasya,göynücek,çamurlu,turkey
Otto VIII, Count of Bavaria (before 1180 – 7 March 1209 was Count Palatine of Bavaria from 1189 to 1209.	count palatine,otto viii,count,bavaria,viii,march,palatine,otto
St Mary's Jacobite Valiyapally, Thamarachal, near Kochi, Kerala is a Pilgrim Center in Angamaly Diocese of Jacobite Syrian Church.	syrian church,jacobite syrian,angamaly diocese,pilgrim center,jacobite valiyapally,st mary,jacobite,mary,syrian,kerala,pilgrim,kochi,center,thamarachal,angamaly,valiyapally
Entalinidae is a family of tusk shells, marine scaphopod mollusks in the order Gadilida.	order gadilida,scaphopod mollusk,marine scaphopod,tusk shell,family,order,tusk,mollusk,shell,scaphopod,marine,entalinidae,gadilida
Tõnumaa is a village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.	western estonia,rapla county,märjamaa parish,village,western,märjamaa,county,parish,rapla,tõnumaa,estonia
Shreechand Makhija is an Indian film and television actor.	television actor,indian film,shreechand makhija,makhija,television,indian,film,shreechand,actor
Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Laboratories is a department of Lockheed Martin headquartered in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, that specializes in applied research and development.	lockheed martin,technology laboratories,applied research,advanced technology,martin advanced,new jersey,cherry hill,martin,research,applied,jersey,hill,laboratories,technology,department,cherry
The Brachyceran family Kovalevisargidae is an extinct group of flies known from the Jurassic Daohugou biota of China.	jurassic daohugou,extinct group,family kovalevisargidae,brachyceran family,family,daohugou,kovalevisargidae,jurassic,extinct,group,brachyceran,china
Edward Dowse was a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.	u.s. representative,edward dowse,dowse,representative,u.s.,edward,massachusetts
The Marriott Syracuse Downtown is a historic hotel located at 100 E. Onondaga St., Syracuse, New York.	new york,onondaga st.,e. onondaga,historic hotel,syracuse downtown,marriott syracuse,syracuse,hotel,historic,onondaga,downtown,york,marriott
The SDI engine is a design of naturally aspirated direct injection diesel engine developed and produced by Volkswagen Group for use in cars and vans, along with marine engine and Volkswagen Industrial Motor applications.	motor application,industrial motor,volkswagen group,volkswagen industrial,marine engine,diesel engine,injection diesel,direct injection,sdi engine,engine,volkswagen,motor,industrial,group,direct,injection
Nether Skyborry is a hamlet consisting of six houses in Shropshire, England, one mile northwest of the town of Knighton.	skyborry,town,hamlet,mile,house,england,shropshire,nether,knighton
Pind Hasham Khan is one of the 44 union councils, administrative subdivisions, of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	pakhtunkhwa province,khyber pakhtunkhwa,haripur district,administrative subdivision,union council,hasham khan,pind hasham,hasham,province,khan,pakhtunkhwa,union,khyber,council,district,administrative,haripur
The Del-Aires were a Paterson, New Jersey rock band of the 1960s.	rock band,jersey rock,new jersey,aires,band,paterson,rock,jersey
Diadem is a series of fantasy novels by John Peel.	john peel,fantasy novel,series,john,fantasy,novel,diadem,peel
This is a list of the Indiana state historical markers in Wells County.	wells county,historical marker,state historical,indiana state,indiana,wells,state,marker,historical,list,county
Nisus Writer, originally Nisus, is a word processing program for the Apple Macintosh.	apple macintosh,processing program,word processing,nisus writer,nisus,apple,word,program,processing,writer,macintosh
Michael Harvey MBE was an English lettering artist, teacher and writer specialising in lettering, type design and letter cutting.	letter cutting,type design,lettering artist,english lettering,harvey mbe,michael harvey,lettering,harvey,letter,design,english,type,teacher,artist,writer
Arise is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Zara McFarlane.	zara mcfarlane,songwriter zara,british singer,studio album,studio,zara,album,songwriter,british,singer,arise,mcfarlane
Sheen is a surname.	sheen,surname
Chisocheton medusae is a tree in the family Meliaceae.	family meliaceae,chisocheton medusae,medusae,family,tree,chisocheton,meliaceae
Roma quanta fuit ipsa ruina docet is a Latin phrase which roughly translates to, "How great Rome was, its very ruins tell."	great rome,latin phrase,ruina docet,ipsa ruina,roma quanta,quanta,rome,ipsa,great,ruina,phrase,docet,latin,roma,ruin
 Origin
The first known appearance of the maxim is in Francesco Albertini's Opusculum.Dutch painter Maarten van Heemskerck wrote the phrase on his drawing of the Septizonium.	van heemskerck,maarten van,painter maarten,dutch painter,francesco albertini,known appearance,appearance,drawing,maxim,phrase,francesco,heemskerck,albertini,opusculum,maarten
The AN/PEQ-5 is a laser sight manufactured by Insight Technology.The sight is mil-spec and projects a visible red dot.	red dot,visible red,insight technology,laser sight,sight,visible,spec,laser,insight,technology
Albersdorf is a municipality in the Saale-Holzland district of Thuringia, Germany.	municipality,thuringia,saale,district,holzland,albersdorf,germany
Steven Hager is an American writer, journalist, filmmaker, and counterculture and cannabis rights activist.	right activist,cannabis right,american writer,steven hager,hager,right,american,cannabis,writer,counterculture,journalist,filmmaker,steven,activist
Joysticks is a 1983 American comedy film directed by Greydon Clark.	greydon clark,comedy film,american comedy,american,greydon,comedy,film,joysticks,clark
Heinz Cramer was a German pilot during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.	nazi germany,war ii,iron cross,world war,german pilot,heinz cramer,cross,cramer,nazi,german,pilot,knight,world,recipient
X Cancri is a semiregular variable star located in the constellation Cancer.	constellation cancer,variable star,semiregular variable,x cancri,cancri,constellation,semiregular,star,variable,cancer
Thiago Cardoso is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for the Primeira Liga side Estoril.	primeira liga,brazilian footballer,thiago cardoso,cardoso,liga,brazilian,primeira,footballer,defender,thiago,estoril
The University of Southampton is a research university located in Southampton, England.	southampton,university,research,england
Evangelical Free of Church of China was established by the Reverend Hans J. von Qualen in 1888.	von qualen,j. von,hans j.,reverend hans,evangelical free,free,church,china,hans,reverend,evangelical,qualen
Poppaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family containing the sole species Poppaea sabina, known from East Africa.	east africa,poppaea sabina,specie poppaea,sole specie,noctuidae family,poppaea,east,sabina,noctuidae,family,moth,sole,genus,specie,africa
Bronson Crothers was an American pediatric neurologist and a professor at Harvard Medical School.	medical school,harvard medical,pediatric neurologist,american pediatric,bronson crothers,crothers,medical,american,harvard,pediatric,professor,neurologist,bronson,school
John Evans was an Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s.	league footballer,rugby league,professional rugby,welsh professional,john evans,evans,league,welsh,rugby,professional,john,footballer
Lubomierz is a town in Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	western poland,silesian voivodeship,low silesian,śląski county,lwówek śląski,town,western,lwówek,south,śląski,voivodeship,county,silesian,lubomierz
The 1998 Winchester Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Winchester District Council in Hampshire, England.	district council,winchester district,council election,winchester council,council,winchester,hampshire,place,election,member,district,england
Adrian Esquino Lisco was an El Salvadoran activist and spiritual chief and advisor to El Salvador's indigenous community.	indigenous community,spiritual chief,salvadoran activist,el salvadoran,esquino lisco,adrian esquino,esquino,indigenous,lisco,salvador,spiritual,activist,chief,salvadoran,advisor
Lionel Leong or Leong Vai Tac , local Chinese, is a political figure of the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.	administrative region,special administrative,macao special,political figure,local chinese,vai tac,leong vai,lionel leong,leong,republic,people,region,administrative,special,macao,figure,political,chinese
Kudlu is a census town in the Kasaragod district, state of Kerala, India.	kasaragod district,census town,census,kerala,town,state,kasaragod,district,kudlu,india
Frank Portman , better known by the pseudonym Dr.	pseudonym dr.,frank portman,portman,pseudonym,frank
Edric Dillon Bickford was an Australian rules football player and World War I veteran.	world war,football player,rule football,australian rule,dillon bickford,edric dillon,dillon,bickford,world,australian,player,rule,football,edric,veteran
Geodes are geological secondary formation within sedimentary and volcanic rocks.	volcanic rock,secondary formation,geological secondary,geological,volcanic,secondary,sedimentary,formation,geode,rock
The following is a list of known abandoned communities in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	community,territories,northwest,list,canada
Melamchi is a municipality in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	central nepal,bagmati zone,sindhupalchok district,municipality,central,sindhupalchok,zone,district,bagmati,melamchi,nepal
Woodchipping in New Zealand is one of the sectors of the forestry industry and it attracted controversy in the 1990s when native trees were used as a source for the chipping.	native tree,forestry industry,new zealand,zealand,source,sector,tree,forestry,native,industry,controversy,chipping
The North Central Cancer Treatment Group is an international clinical research group sponsored by the National Cancer Institute.	cancer institute,research group,national cancer,clinical research,treatment group,international clinical,cancer treatment,central cancer,north central,cancer,group,central,clinical,international,research,treatment,national,north,institute
Mohammad Fayek Uz Zaman is a Bangladeshi academic and the current Vice Chancellor of Khulna University.	khulna university,vice chancellor,current vice,bangladeshi academic,uz zaman,fayek uz,mohammad fayek,fayek,khulna,chancellor,zaman,vice,bangladeshi,current,academic,mohammad
Francis Sayles was an American character actor at the beginning of the sound film era.	film era,character actor,sound film,american character,francis sayles,sayles,film,american,sound,character,beginning,actor,francis
Boobs is a fantasy short story by Suzy McKee Charnas.	mckee charnas,suzy mckee,short story,fantasy short,fantasy,mckee,short,suzy,story,boobs,charnas
James Peter Allen is an American Egyptologist, specializing in language and religion.	american egyptologist,peter allen,james peter,peter,language,allen,egyptologist,american,james,religion
Estonia competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016.	de janeiro,rio de,summer olympics,summer,brazil,olympics,janeiro,estonia,august
Dénesfa is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary.	village,county,győr,sopron,moson,dénesfa,hungary
Volodymyr Romanovych Kupchak is a Ukrainian politician and a former member of the Verkhovna Rada .	verkhovna rada,ukrainian politician,romanovych kupchak,volodymyr romanovych,romanovych,verkhovna,kupchak,member,ukrainian,politician,volodymyr,rada
 Theatre of Meaning Theory 	meaning,theatre,theory
 The Text
Ellis believes that once the author has no control of the work, then it takes on a life of its own, much like a coat which looks different on whoever wears it.	author,coat,control,life,work,ellis,different
The Paris Agreement is an agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change dealing with greenhouse gas emissions mitigation, adaptation and finance starting in the year 2020.	emission mitigation,gas emission,greenhouse gas,climate change,framework convention,nations framework,united nations,paris agreement,agreement,finance,adaptation,mitigation,emission,greenhouse,change,climate,convention
The Masonic Temple in Yakima, Washington is a historic building constructed in 1911.	historic building,masonic temple,temple,historic,yakima,washington,masonic,building
Kınık is a village in the District of Bilecik, Bilecik Province, Turkey.	bilecik,village,province,district,kınık,turkey
Lola Adesioye is a writer, commentator, broadcaster and singer/songwriter born in London, England, to Nigerian parents.	nigerian parent,lola adesioye,adesioye,nigerian,writer,england,commentator,london,broadcaster,songwriter,singer,lola
EAA AirVenture Oshkosh is an annual gathering of aviation enthusiasts held each summer at Wittman Regional Airport  in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, United States.	united states,regional airport,wittman regional,aviation enthusiast,annual gathering,airventure oshkosh,eaa airventure,oshkosh,united,airventure,wisconsin,enthusiast,summer,aviation,wittman,gathering,regional
Abdul Aziz al-Hakim AHB-duul ə-ZEEZ al hə-KEEM; Arabic: سید عبد العزيز الحكيم‎; 1952 – 26 August 2009) was an Iraqi theologian and politician and the leader of Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq, a party that has approximately 5% support in the Iraqi Council of Representatives.	iraqi council,supreme council,al hə,islamic supreme,iraqi theologian,zeez al,hakim ahb,aziz al,abdul aziz,council,iraqi,aziz,arabic,keem,duul,leader
Andrea Prodan Scottish-Italian film actor, composer and musician is the younger brother of Argentine rock star Luca Prodan.	luca prodan,star luca,rock star,film actor,argentine rock,young brother,italian film,prodan scottish,andrea prodan,prodan,musician,young,composer,brother,actor,argentine,film,rock,italian
Elliot Ackerman is an American author.	american author,elliot ackerman,ackerman,american,elliot,author
Ted Bengt Georg Åström is a Swedish actor.	swedish actor,georg åström,bengt georg,ted bengt,bengt,swedish,georg,åström,actor
Aleksei Yeliseyevich Kruchonykh , a well-known poet of the Russian "Silver Age", was perhaps the most radical poet of Russian Futurism, a movement that included Vladimir Mayakovsky, David Burliuk and others.	david burliuk,vladimir mayakovsky,russian futurism,radical poet,silver age,yeliseyevich kruchonykh,aleksei yeliseyevich,poet,russian,david,yeliseyevich,mayakovsky,vladimir,kruchonykh,movement,futurism
Instinctus Bestialis is the ninth full-length studio album by Norwegian black metal act Gorgoroth.	black metal,norwegian black,studio album,length studio,instinctus bestialis,bestialis,metal,ninth,black,length,norwegian,studio,album,instinctus,gorgoroth
Who Got the Gravy?	gravy
Montenegrin women's handball clubs are participating in the EHF competitions since the season 1984/85.	ehf competition,handball club,montenegrin woman,woman,competition,handball,club,montenegrin,season
Hedwig "Hettie" Ross, née Hedwig Weitzel, was a New Zealand-born Australian educator and political activist.	political activist,australian educator,new zealand,hedwig weitzel,hedwig,political,educator,australian,zealand,weitzel,hettie,ross,activist
Solanum ensifolium is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family endemic to Puerto Rico.	puerto rico,family endemic,solanaceae family,solanum ensifolium,ensifolium,puerto,species,endemic,plant,family,solanaceae,solanum,rico
Heath Hocking is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League .	football league,australian football,football club,rule footballer,essendon football,australian rule,professional australian,heath hocking,football,australian,hocking,professional,footballer,essendon,rule,club,heath,league
The 2008 Thomas & Uber Cups Preliminaries for Africa were held in Rose Hill, Mauritius, between 17–21 February and organised by Mauritius Badminton Association.	badminton association,rose hill,mauritius badminton,cups preliminaries,uber cups,mauritius,uber,badminton,cups,preliminaries,hill,africa,rose,thomas,association
Deployment is the realisation of an application, or execution of a plan, idea, model, design, specification, standard, algorithm, or policy.	realisation,algorithm,application,standard,execution,specification,plan,design,idea,model
Judson Jerome was an American poet, author, and literary critic, perhaps best known for having written the poetry column for Writer's Digest for over thirty years, beginning in 1959.	poetry column,literary critic,american poet,judson jerome,jerome,digest,american,writer,poet,column,author,poetry,literary,critic
Dominick John Lagonegro is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	catholic church,roman catholic,american prelate,john lagonegro,dominick john,john,catholic,lagonegro,roman,american,prelate,dominick,church
Apomyelois cognata is a species of snout moth in the genus Apomyelois.	genus apomyelois,snout moth,apomyelois cognata,apomyelois,cognata,species,snout,moth,genus
Enguerrand de Monstrelet (c.	monstrelet
Laurel Elizabeth Woodcock was a Canadian artist and academic.	canadian artist,elizabeth woodcock,laurel elizabeth,elizabeth,artist,woodcock,canadian,laurel,academic
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.	award,winner,list,film
Gideon Welles , nicknamed "Father Neptune", was the United States Secretary of the Navy from 1861 to 1869, a cabinet post he was awarded after supporting Abraham Lincoln in the 1860 election.	abraham lincoln,cabinet post,states secretary,united states,father neptune,gideon welles,welles,lincoln,father,abraham,neptune,post,united,cabinet,states,navy
Beecher is a surname.	beecher,surname
Ynys Hafod, Henllys and Min Yr Afon, New Market Street, Usk, Monmouthshire, are three houses forming a continuous range in the centre of the town.	continuous range,market street,new market,yr afon,min yr,ynys hafod,hafod,centre,henllys,range,continuous,house,afon,monmouthshire
Malmøya og Malmøykalven Nature Reserve is a nature reserve established in 2008 in the municipality of Oslo, Norway.	nature reserve,malmøykalven nature,malmøykalven,oslo,nature,municipality,reserve,malmøya,norway
San Felipe de Austin State Historic Site is a historic site located in San Felipe, Austin County, Texas.	san felipe,historic site,state historic,austin state,austin county,austin,county,site,historic,felipe,state,texas
Beamforming or spatial filtering is a signal processing technique used in sensor arrays for directional signal transmission or reception.	signal transmission,directional signal,sensor array,processing technique,signal processing,spatial filtering,signal,filtering,transmission,sensor,technique,array,processing,directional,spatial,reception
Pawtucket  is a city in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States.	united states,rhode island,providence county,city,united,providence,island,county,rhode,pawtucket,states
Daniel Rogers was an American miller and politician from Milford, in Sussex County, Delaware.	sussex county,american miller,daniel rogers,rogers,county,american,sussex,miller,milford,politician,daniel,delaware
Artem Jijikhia  was a Georgian military officer who served in the armies of the Russian Empire and Democratic Republic of Georgia.	democratic republic,russian empire,military officer,georgian military,artem jijikhia,jijikhia,republic,georgian,democratic,military,empire,officer,russian,army,artem
Rebenque is the shared name in South American Spanish and Brazilian Portuguese for a type of whip used by gauchos in South America.	brazilian portuguese,american spanish,south american,south,portuguese,brazilian,type,spanish,whip,american,gauchos,rebenque,america
Malta Bend is a city in Saline County, Missouri, United States.	united states,saline county,malta bend,bend,united,city,missouri,saline,county,malta,states
Elaphropus fatuus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.	subfamily trechinae,ground beetle,elaphropus fatuus,fatuus,subfamily,species,beetle,ground,elaphropus,trechinae
Kamghe Gaba ) is a German sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres.	german sprinter,kamghe gaba,gaba,sprinter,german,kamghe,metre
Cartyville is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.	settlement,newfoundland,cartyville,labrador
José Manuel Sarmento de Beires was a Portuguese Army officer and an aviation pioneer.	aviation pioneer,army officer,portuguese army,manuel sarmento,josé manuel,manuel,aviation,sarmento,officer,beires,army,portuguese,josé,pioneer
Gunspinning refers to the old west tradition and Hollywood legend of a cowboy gunslinger twirling his pistol around his trigger finger.	trigger finger,cowboy gunslinger,hollywood legend,west tradition,old west,trigger,west,pistol,tradition,gunslinger,hollywood,cowboy,legend,gunspinning
Law on Use of Languages and Scripts of National Minorities is law which defines use of minority languages in Croatia.	minority language,national minorities,language,minority,national,scripts,minorities,languages,croatia
Ben-Ami Finkelstein was a psychiatrist.	finkelstein,psychiatrist
Francis Gervase Omaswa, MBChB, MMed, FRCS , FCS , is a Ugandan cardiovascular surgeon, academic and administrator.	cardiovascular surgeon,ugandan cardiovascular,gervase omaswa,francis gervase,gervase,academic,omaswa,surgeon,mbchb,cardiovascular,mmed,ugandan,frcs
The Mt Baldy School District consists of one school, Mt Baldy School, that serves students in grades K-8 in Mount Baldy, California, USA.	mt baldy,baldy school,school district,mount baldy,school,baldy,california,grade,student,mount,district
The Blue Ridge two-lined salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.	united states,family plethodontidae,blue ridge,salamander,united,ridge,endemic,plethodontidae,family,states,blue,species
Alexander Henry Scrymgeour, 12th Earl of Dundee, DL is a Scottish peer and Conservative politician.	conservative politician,scottish peer,henry scrymgeour,alexander henry,henry,conservative,scrymgeour,peer,scottish,earl,dundee,alexander
Aegires incisus is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine, opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aegiridae.	family aegiridae,gastropod mollusk,opisthobranch gastropod,sea slug,aegire incisus,incisus,family,species,mollusk,gastropod,slug,opisthobranch,nudibranch,marine
Rose Canyon Lake is located 30 miles northeast of Tucson, Arizona in the Santa Catalina Mountains near Mount Lemmon.	mount lemmon,catalina mountains,santa catalina,canyon lake,rose canyon,canyon,mount,lake,mountains,mile,catalina,tucson,santa,arizona,rose
Eva Isaksen is a Norwegian film director.	film director,norwegian film,eva isaksen,isaksen,film,norwegian,director
Kennewick Man is the name generally given to the skeletal remains of a prehistoric Paleoamerican man found on a bank of the Columbia River in Kennewick, Washington, United States, on July 28, 1996.	united states,columbia river,paleoamerican man,prehistoric paleoamerican,skeletal remain,kennewick man,kennewick,states,united,washington,remain,prehistoric,columbia,river,skeletal
John Nicholls  was an English lawyer and politician.	english lawyer,john nicholls,nicholls,lawyer,english,john,politician
Hammered is a science fiction novel by American writer Elizabeth Bear, first published on 28 December 2004 by Bantam Spectra.	bantam spectra,elizabeth bear,writer elizabeth,american writer,fiction novel,science fiction,science,bantam,fiction,december,novel,bear,american,elizabeth,writer,hammered
Mohamed el-Bisatie  was an Egyptian novelist and short story writer.	story writer,short story,egyptian novelist,mohamed el,story,bisatie,short,egyptian,novelist,mohamed,writer
Methods have been devised to modify the yield strength, ductility, and toughness of both crystalline and amorphous materials.	amorphous material,yield strength,yield,amorphous,strength,crystalline,ductility,toughness,method,material
Lavanya Composite PU College is a pre-university college in Doddaballapura, Karnataka, India.	university college,pu college,composite pu,lavanya composite,college,composite,karnataka,doddaballapura,university,lavanya,india
Artzentales is a municipality in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain..	northern spain,basque country,autonomous community,municipality,northern,province,country,biscay,basque,autonomous,community,artzentale,spain
Ricardo Moreno Escamilla was a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.	featherweight division,super featherweight,professional boxer,mexican professional,moreno escamilla,ricardo moreno,moreno,featherweight,escamilla,super,mexican,boxer,professional,ricardo,division
Andreas Krause is a German former footballer.	krause,german,andreas,footballer
Çeltek is a village in the District of Aksaray, Aksaray Province, Turkey.	aksaray,village,province,district,çeltek,turkey
Bubble tea  is a Taiwanese tea-based drink invented in Tainan and Taichung in the 1980s.	tainan,drink,taiwanese,taichung
The Vatnsfirðings were one of the most influential family clans in twelfth century Iceland during the period of the Icelandic Commonwealth.	icelandic commonwealth,century iceland,twelfth century,family clan,influential family,influential,icelandic,family,period,clan,iceland,twelfth,century,vatnsfirðings,commonwealth
The Stafford by-election of 1938 was held on 9 June 1938.	election,stafford,june
Yasuhiro Yoshiura  is a Japanese writer and director of animated short films.	short film,japanese writer,yasuhiro yoshiura,yoshiura,short,japanese,director,writer,yasuhiro,film
Mossoró is a microregion in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.	rio grande,brazilian state,microregion,grande,brazilian,state,mossoró,norte
Durham Flames were a semi-professional Canadian football club based in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.	football club,canadian football,professional canadian,durham flames,flames,ontario,semi,oshawa,professional,club,canadian,football,durham,canada
The Golaghat Municipal Board or the GMB, established in 1920, one of the oldest civic bodies of the state of Assam, formed before Indian Independence of 1947, is responsible for the civic infrastructure and administration of the city of Golaghat.	civic infrastructure,indian independence,civic body,old civic,municipal board,golaghat municipal,civic,golaghat,municipal,board,city,assam,indian,administration,state
The Krak House is a Neoclassical property overlooking the square Nytorv (No.	square nytorv,neoclassical property,krak house,house,square,neoclassical,property,krak,nytorv
A bill of sale is a document that transfers ownership of goods from one person to another.	sale,good,document,ownership,bill,person
India Joy Eisley is an American actress.	american actress,joy eisley,india joy,american,eisley,india,actress
Hovhannes Bachkov is an Armenian boxer.	armenian boxer,hovhannes bachkov,bachkov,armenian,hovhannes,boxer
The bombardment of Qui Nhơn in 1861 was an attack by a United States Navy warship upon a Vietnamese held fort protecting Qui Nhơn in Cochinchina.	qui nhơn,navy warship,states navy,united states,nhơn,navy,states,warship,united,vietnamese,attack,fort,bombardment
Farzana Naz born in Kabul, Afghanistan is a female artist originating from Baghlan, Afghanistan.	female artist,farzana naz,afghanistan,kabul,artist,female,baghlan,farzana
Catherine Graciet is a French journalist known for her work on the finance and geopolitics of the oil business, and for her work on Morocco and its government.	oil business,french journalist,catherine graciet,work,graciet,french,morocco,journalist,geopolitic,finance,business,catherine
Kevin Greenaugh is an American nuclear engineer and senior manager at the National Nuclear Security Administration in Washington, DC, United States.	united states,security administration,nuclear security,national nuclear,senior manager,nuclear engineer,american nuclear,kevin greenaugh,nuclear,united,greenaugh,washington,american,administration,senior,manager,security
Raul Fenstad "TJ" Trinidad Jr.	trinidad jr.,raul fenstad,fenstad,trinidad,raul
Ronald Allen Harris , attended Chadsey High School, in Detroit, Michigan.	high school,chadsey high,allen harris,ronald allen,allen,detroit,harris,school,chadsey,high,ronald,michigan
Regina George is an American-born Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	nigerian sprinter,regina george,george,sprinter,american,nigerian,regina,metre
The 15th Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, known as the Anderson Cavalry and the 160th Volunteers, was a three-year cavalry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	civil war,american civil,union army,cavalry regiment,year cavalry,anderson cavalry,volunteer cavalry,pennsylvania volunteer,cavalry,civil,pennsylvania,american,army,volunteer,union,regiment,volunteers
The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper is the tenth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.	d. macdonald,john d.,mcgee series,travis mcgee,tenth novel,brown wrapper,plain brown,plain,brown,john,wrapper,series,tenth,mcgee,novel,travis
Ośniszczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	central poland,pomeranian voivodeship,inowrocław county,dąbrowa biskupia,gmina dąbrowa,administrative district,village,central,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,pomeranian,dąbrowa,kuyavian
Orson Hyde was a leader in the early Latter Day Saint movement and an original member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.	original member,saint movement,day saint,latter day,early latter,orson hyde,hyde,quorum,leader,member,early,original,latter,movement,saint
Michael D Snediker is a well-known poet and a scholar of American literature and disability theory.	disability theory,american literature,d snediker,michael d,disability,snediker,literature,poet,american,scholar,michael,theory
The Hydro Power Plant "Višegrad" is one of the largest hydro power plants in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	power plant,hydro power,large hydro,plant,bosnia,hydro,large,power,višegrad,herzegovina
Guémoukouraba is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	western mali,kayes region,rural commune,village,western,rural,south,commune,region,cercle,kayes,kita,guémoukouraba
The 1899 Johns Hopkins Blue Jays football team represented Johns Hopkins during the 1899 college football season.	johns hopkins,football team,jays football,blue jays,hopkins blue,football season,college football,football,hopkins,jays,team,johns,blue,college,season
Sir George Alfred Wills, 1st Baronet of Blagdon was a President of Imperial Tobacco and the head of an eminent Bristol family.	bristol family,imperial tobacco,eminent bristol,alfred wills,george alfred,sir george,george,bristol,alfred,eminent,wills,head,tobacco,baronet,imperial
In physics, two objects are said to be coupled when they are interacting with each other.	physics,object
Bocheniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	central poland,pomeranian voivodeship,dobrzyń county,gmina radomin,administrative district,village,central,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,pomeranian,radomin,kuyavian
Piz Vallatscha is a mountain of the Sesvenna Range of the Alps, located north of the Ofen Pass in the canton of Graubünden.	ofen pass,sesvenna range,piz vallatscha,vallatscha,canton,mountain,pass,sesvenna,ofen,range,north,alps
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Falls Church, Virginia.	falls church,places listing,historic places,national register,national,church,register,falls,historic,listing,places,list,virginia
T.H.E. Fox is a furry comic strip by Joe Ekaitis which ran from 1986 to 1998.	joe ekaitis,comic strip,furry comic,t.h.e. fox,furry,strip,comic,t.h.e.,ekaitis
Damir Čerkić is a former Bosnian-Herzegovinian football player, from the late 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.	football player,herzegovinian football,damir čerkić,čerkić,bosnian,late,herzegovinian,player,football,damir,beginning
The South Australian Soccer Federation 1998 season consisted of two divisions, one of ten and one of twelve teams, across the State of South Australia.	soccer federation,australian soccer,south australian,south,season,federation,division,soccer,team,australian,state,australia
Wilfred Judson,  was a Canadian lawyer and Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.	supreme court,puisne justice,canadian lawyer,wilfred judson,judson,court,canadian,supreme,lawyer,justice,puisne,wilfred,canada
Irish Folk Furniture is a short film directed by Tony Donoghue which won the prize for Best Animation at the Sundance Film Festival.	film festival,sundance film,good animation,tony donoghue,short film,folk furniture,irish folk,film,folk,furniture,short,prize,good,donoghue,animation,tony,sundance
Li Wangyang was a Chinese dissident labor rights activist, member of the Workers Autonomous Federation and chairman of the Shaoyang WAF branch.	waf branch,autonomous federation,shaoyang waf,right activist,workers autonomous,labor right,dissident labor,chinese dissident,li wangyang,wangyang,chinese,shaoyang,dissident,chairman,labor,federation,right,autonomous
The Amityville Horror is a 1979 American supernatural horror film based on Jay Anson's book of the same name .	jay anson,horror film,supernatural horror,american supernatural,amityville horror,horror,anson,film,american,supernatural,book,amityville
Jack Anthony Holden is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Paul O'Brien.	paul o'brien,opera home,soap opera,australian soap,fictional character,anthony holden,jack anthony,anthony,paul,holden,home,fictional,opera,character,soap,australian,jack
Mike Seerey, (born October 23, 1950 in St.	seerey,october,mike
Emma Romer, afterwards Emma Almond was a leading British soprano of the 19th century, and for three years a theatre manager and producer.	theatre manager,british soprano,emma almond,emma romer,emma,manager,almond,theatre,british,year,soprano,century,romer
Invorio is a comune in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 100 kilometres northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres northwest of Novara.	kilometre,novara,comune,province,region,piedmont,italian,invorio,turin
Danish national cycle route 5, known as the Østkystruten , is the fifth of the 11 Danish National Cycle Routes.	national cycle,danish national,cycle routes,cycle,fifth,danish,østkystruten,national,route,routes
Thom Keyes was a writer, of science fiction and screenplays.	science fiction,thom keyes,keyes,fiction,writer,science,thom,screenplay
Evidence-based assessment refers to the use of research and theory to guide the selection of constructs to be used for a specific assessment purpose and to inform the methods and measures used in the assessment process.	assessment process,assessment purpose,specific assessment,assessment,theory,selection,research,construct,method,specific,purpose,measure
The Mexican wolf , also known as the lobo, is a subspecies of gray wolf once native to southeastern Arizona, southern New Mexico, western Texas and northern Mexico.	northern mexico,western texas,new mexico,southern new,southeastern arizona,gray wolf,mexican wolf,wolf,mexico,arizona,southeastern,southern,subspecie,texas,native,lobo
The London Chuck Berry Sessions is an album of studio recordings and live recordings by Chuck Berry, released by Chess Records in October 1972 as LP record, 8 track cartridge and audio cassette.	chuck berry,berry sessions,audio cassette,studio recording,track cartridge,live recording,lp record,chess records,london chuck,recording,chuck,berry,audio,cartridge,track,record,october,records
International legal personality is an important facet of international law that has developed throughout history as a means of international representation.	international representation,international law,important facet,legal personality,international legal,international,personality,important,history,legal,facet,means,representation
Ab-e Garm is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	mazandaran province,amol county,larijan district,rural district,larijan rural,bala larijan,e garm,larijan,district,province,mazandaran,garm,village,county,bala,amol
Sztumskie Pole  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	northern poland,pomeranian voivodeship,sztum county,gmina sztum,administrative district,sztumskie pole,sztum,pole,northern,village,voivodeship,administrative,pomeranian,district,county,gmina
The canton of La Sologne is an administrative division of the Loir-et-Cher department, central France.	central france,cher department,administrative division,la sologne,central,sologne,department,administrative,cher,division,loir,canton
Alexei Roibu is a Moldovan lawyer and security official with the rank of brigadier general, who served as interior minister from January 2011 to July 2012.	interior minister,brigadier general,security official,moldovan lawyer,alexei roibu,roibu,january,moldovan,minister,lawyer,interior,security,general,official,brigadier
The E6B flight computer, nicknamed the "whiz wheel" or "prayer wheel", is a form of circular slide rule used in aviation and one of the very few analog calculating devices in widespread use in the 21st century.	slide rule,widespread use,circular slide,prayer wheel,whiz wheel,flight computer,wheel,flight,computer,widespread,whiz,device,analog,aviation
Maen Si ) is an intersection of Bamrung Mueang, Worachak, and Chakkraphatdi Phong roads in area of Bangkok's Ban Bat sub-district, Pom Prap Sattru Phai district.	phai district,sattru phai,prap sattru,bat sub,pom prap,phong road,ban bat,chakkraphatdi phong,bamrung mueang,maen si,district,intersection,bamrung,mueang,worachak,chakkraphatdi,phong,road,area
Robert Durso is an Italian-American pianist, born in 1959.	american pianist,robert durso,durso,american,italian,robert,pianist
Mathilde Johansson was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to Romina Oprandi.	romina oprandi,mathilde johansson,johansson,romina,champion,semifinal,mathilde,oprandi
Algorithmic information theory is a subfield of information theory and computer science that concerns itself with the relationship between computation and information.	information theory,computer science,algorithmic information,information,theory,relationship,science,computation,computer,subfield,algorithmic
The 2017 Wyoming Cowboys football team represented the University of Wyoming during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season.	football season,fbs football,football team,ncaa division,cowboys football,wyoming cowboys,football,wyoming,division,ncaa,team,university,cowboys,season
Jesse D. Auton was a brigadier general in the United States Air Force.	air force,states air,united states,brigadier general,d. auton,jesse d.,auton,states,brigadier,united,general,jesse,force
The Villain in Black is the second album by rapper MC Ren, released April 9, 1996, on Ruthless Records and distributed by Relativity Records.	relativity records,ruthless records,mc ren,rapper mc,second album,black,records,second,ruthless,album,april,rapper,villain
Chicken and dumplings is a dish that consists of a chicken cooked in water, with the resulting chicken broth being used to cook the dumplings by boiling.	chicken,dumpling,dish,broth,water
Lunar distance (LD or 	distance,lunar
  {\textstyle \Delta _{\oplus L}}	\oplus l,\textstyle \delta,\delta,\oplus,\textstyle
 ), also called Earth–Moon distance, Earth–Moon characteristic distance, or distance to the Moon, is a unit of measure in astronomy.	characteristic distance,moon characteristic,moon distance,moon,distance,measure,unit,earth,characteristic,astronomy
The Caucasian honey bee is a subspecies of the Western honey bee.	honey bee,western honey,caucasian honey,honey,subspecie,western,caucasian
The River Brock is a river running through the county of Lancashire in England.	river,lancashire,county,brock,england
Bruce Allan Bouillet is a guitarist who played in the bands Racer X, The Scream, DC-10, and Epidemic.	racer x,band racer,allan bouillet,bruce allan,allan,bouillet,scream,guitarist,band,racer,bruce,epidemic
George Walter Hunter Macfarlane was a British businessman, courtier and politician of the Kingdom of Hawaii.	british businessman,hunter macfarlane,walter hunter,george walter,walter,kingdom,hunter,politician,macfarlane,courtier,british,businessman,george,hawaii
The Cure is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Lady Gaga.	lady gaga,songwriter lady,american singer,song,lady,american,songwriter,singer,cure,gaga
Manuel Álvares was a Jesuit educator in Portugal.	jesuit educator,manuel álvares,álvares,educator,jesuit,manuel,portugal
Australothis is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.	genus,family,moth,australothis,noctuidae
Jenny Caroline "Jennychen" Marx Longuet  was the eldest daughter of Jenny von Westphalen Marx and Karl Marx.	karl marx,westphalen marx,von westphalen,jenny von,eld daughter,marx longuet,jenny caroline,marx,jenny,longuet,daughter,jennychen,westphalen,caroline,karl
Jacqueshuberia pustulata is a plant species endemic to Venezuela.	specie endemic,plant specie,jacqueshuberia pustulata,pustulata,endemic,plant,specie,jacqueshuberia,venezuela
A 2014 report estimated there were 150,000 to 200,000 Muslims in Sweden practicing their religion regularly.	muslims,sweden,report,religion
Morsea islandica, the island monkey grasshopper, is a species of monkey grasshopper in the family Eumastacidae.	monkey grasshopper,family eumastacidae,island monkey,morsea islandica,grasshopper,monkey,islandica,family,island,species,morsea,eumastacidae
Pterolophia rustenburgi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,pterolophia rustenburgi,rustenburgi,family,species,beetle,pterolophia,cerambycidae
Andrew Earl 15 September 1982) is a former Australian male volleyball player.	volleyball player,male volleyball,australian male,andrew earl,earl,volleyball,september,male,australian,andrew,player
XPAND 3D developed active-shutter 3D solutions for multiple purposes.	multiple purpose,multiple,solution,active,shutter,purpose,xpand
The Saxon Rebellion or Rebellion of the Saxons , also commonly called the Saxon Uprising , refers to the struggle between the Salian dynasty ruling the Holy Roman Empire and the rebel Saxons during the reign of Henry IV. The conflict reached its climax in the period from summer 1073 until the end of 1075, in a rebellion that involved several clashes of arms.	henry iv,rebel saxon,roman empire,holy roman,salian dynasty,saxon uprising,saxon rebellion,saxon,rebellion,dynasty,holy,conflict,climax,salian,roman,period
John Parsons was an English churchman and academic, Master of Balliol College, Oxford from 1798, and Bishop of Peterborough from 1813.	balliol college,english churchman,john parsons,parsons,bishop,english,oxford,churchman,college,academic,balliol,master,john
The Front Runner is a 2018 American political drama film directed by Jason Reitman, based on the 2014 book All the Truth Is Out: The Week Politics Went Tabloid by Matt Bai, who co-wrote the screenplay with Reitman and Jay Carson.	jay carson,matt bai,week politics,book all,jason reitman,drama film,political drama,american political,front runner,reitman,runner,american,political,drama,politics,week,tabloid,film
Jan Chesbro-Wohlschlag  is a retired high jumper from the United States, who set her personal best on July 1, 1989, jumping 2.00 metres at a meet in Oslo, Norway.	personal good,united states,high jumper,retired high,jan chesbro,chesbro,oslo,wohlschlag,meet,retired,metre,high,july,jumper,good
Josef Zygmunt Szulc was a composer and conductor.	zygmunt szulc,josef zygmunt,zygmunt,composer,szulc,josef,conductor
The Walbrook Club is a social and business dining club near the Bank of England and the Mansion House located in the Ward of Walbrook in London.	mansion house,dining club,business dining,walbrook club,club,walbrook,house,mansion,ward,england,business,bank,social,dining
The following is the order of battle for the Battle of Red Cliffs .	battle,cliffs,order
In plane geometry, octant is a circular sector obtained by division of the full circle into 8 equal parts, hence the name.	equal part,circular sector,plane geometry,geometry,equal,octant,circle,circular,division,sector,plane,part
The 1st Parliament of Pakistan was the unicameral legislature of Pakistan formed after the partition of India.	unicameral legislature,pakistan,parliament,partition,unicameral,legislature,india
Mitchell van Bergen is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger for Heerenveen.	professional footballer,dutch professional,van bergen,mitchell van,winger,bergen,footballer,dutch,professional,mitchell,heerenveen
Hemiconus constantinensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	family conidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,extinct specie,extinct,cone,specie,conidae,family,snail,mollusk,marine,gastropod
The Londonderry Vase is a hard-paste porcelain vase, standing at 54 inches tall.	inch tall,porcelain vase,paste porcelain,londonderry vase,vase,inch,paste,hard,porcelain,tall,londonderry
William Graburn was an English cricketer.	english cricketer,william graburn,graburn,english,william,cricketer
Kakaran , Kahūrān Garān, and Kohūrān Garān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	hormozgan province,rudan county,rudkhaneh district,rural district,bar rural,rudkhaneh bar,kohūrān garān,kahūrān garān,garān,rudkhaneh,district,province,kahūrān,hormozgan,county,village,rudan
Meg Connery , was an Irish suffragist organiser and activist.	suffragist organiser,irish suffragist,meg connery,connery,organiser,irish,suffragist,activist
The Sumiyoshi Monogatari Emaki is an emakimono from the Kamakura period of Japanese history .	japanese history,kamakura period,monogatari emaki,sumiyoshi monogatari,monogatari,japanese,emaki,period,emakimono,kamakura,sumiyoshi,history
Yeungroon is a locality in north central Victoria, Australia.	central victoria,north central,locality,victoria,north,central,yeungroon,australia
The following lists events that happened in 1992 in Iceland.	event,list,iceland
Alessandro Bernardini is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie B side Salernitana.	serie b,italian footballer,alessandro bernardini,bernardini,italian,serie,footballer,defender,alessandro,salernitana
Juan Miguel Rodriguez is a Cuban sports shooter and Olympic medalist.	olympic medalist,sport shooter,cuban sport,miguel rodriguez,juan miguel,miguel,olympic,rodriguez,shooter,cuban,sport,juan,medalist
These are the complete results of the 2014 European Team Championships Super League on 21 and 22 June 2014 in Braunschweig, Germany.	super league,championships super,team championships,european team,complete result,result,braunschweig,european,june,team,league,championships,super,complete,germany
Villa Maria College, Christchurch, New Zealand was opened on 18 February 1918 with 14 pupils.	new zealand,maria college,villa maria,maria,february,college,zealand,christchurch,villa,pupil
WIVY is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format.	contemporary format,adult contemporary,soft adult,radio station,radio,contemporary,station,adult,soft,wivy,format
The Tupolev ANT-7, known by the VVS as the Tupolev R-6 , was a reconnaissance aircraft and escort fighter of the Soviet Union.	soviet union,escort fighter,reconnaissance aircraft,tupolev,soviet,fighter,escort,aircraft,reconnaissance,union
Heinz-Otto Peitgen is a German mathematician and was President of Jacobs University from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013.	jacobs university,german mathematician,otto peitgen,otto,january,peitgen,university,german,jacobs,mathematician,president,heinz,december
Rogéria Gomes is a Brazilian radio and theatrical producer.	theatrical producer,brazilian radio,rogéria gomes,gomes,theatrical,brazilian,radio,rogéria,producer
In mathematics, a pointed space is a topological space with a distinguished point, the basepoint.	distinguished point,topological space,pointed space,space,point,pointed,distinguished,basepoint,mathematic,topological
Zoophorus was the Ancient Greek term for a decorated frieze between the architrave and cornice, typically with a continuous bas-relief.	continuous bas,greek term,ancient greek,ancient,greek,continuous,term,cornice,frieze,architrave,zoophorus,relief
The Thin Blue Line is a 1988 American documentary film by Errol Morris, depicting the story of Randall Dale Adams, a man convicted and sentenced to death for a murder he did not commit.	dale adams,randall dale,errol morris,documentary film,american documentary,blue line,thin blue,blue,death,line,american,adams,documentary,dale,film,randall
Helena Erbenová is a Czech cross country skier and triathlete.	country skier,cross country,czech cross,helena erbenová,erbenová,skier,czech,country,cross,helena,triathlete
The order Microconchida is a group of small, spirally-coiled, encrusting fossil "worm" tubes from the class Tentaculita found from the Upper Ordovician to the Middle Jurassic around the world.	middle jurassic,upper ordovician,class tentaculita,order microconchida,microconchida,jurassic,group,middle,small,ordovician,fossil,upper,worm,tentaculita
Christopher Aidan Penk is a New Zealand politician and Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives for the National Party.	national party,zealand politician,new zealand,aidan penk,christopher aidan,aidan,national,penk,representatives,house,zealand,parliament,politician,member
Deh-e Veys Aqa is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,west azerbaijan,miandoab county,central district,rural district,shomali rural,veys aqa,e shomali,e veys,district,province,azerbaijan,west,county,miandoab,rural,village
The 2010 season was the ninth for the Team HTC-Columbia Women cycling team, which began as the T-Mobile team in 2003.	mobile team,cycling team,women cycling,columbia women,team htc,team,ninth,columbia,women,cycling,mobile,season
Piisupi is a village in Tapa Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.	northeastern estonia,viru county,tapa parish,village,northeastern,tapa,county,parish,viru,lääne,piisupi,estonia
James Wilson Morrice was a significant Canadian landscape painter.	landscape painter,canadian landscape,significant canadian,wilson morrice,james wilson,wilson,landscape,morrice,canadian,significant,james,painter
Make Yourself Sick is the full-length debut album from the emo/post-hardcore band Boys Night Out.	boy night,band boy,hardcore band,debut album,length debut,length,debut,band,album,hardcore,post,sick,night
Tajabad is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	kerman province,jiroft county,central district,rural district,esfandaqeh rural,district,province,village,kerman,esfandaqeh,county,rural,jiroft,iran,tajabad
Antha Sila Naatkal is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film produced by Meenakshi Finance.	meenakshi finance,feature film,indian feature,tamil indian,sila naatkal,antha sila,sila,meenakshi,naatkal,film,tamil,feature,indian,antha,finance
William Bedford (c.	bedford,william
The Russian Championship is the major rugby league tournament for clubs in Russia.	league tournament,rugby league,major rugby,russian championship,championship,club,major,tournament,rugby,league,russian,russia
The Chaunaca Formation is a Campanian geologic formation of Bolivia.	geologic formation,campanian geologic,chaunaca formation,formation,campanian,geologic,chaunaca,bolivia
The M. E. Blanton House is a two-and-a-half-story Craftsman style historic building in the community of Aloha in the U.S. state of Oregon.	u.s. state,historic building,style historic,craftsman style,blanton house,story craftsman,e. blanton,m. e.,state,blanton,u.s.,house,aloha,half,community,story,building
Brézilhac is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.	southern france,aude department,commune,southern,aude,department,brézilhac,france
The Powell House is an historic U.S. home located in Yakima, Washington at 207 South 9th Street.	u.s. home,historic u.s.,powell house,house,historic,south,u.s.,washington,home,yakima,powell,street
Cherokee Gothic is a term coined by Frank Lloyd Wright for a vernacular architectural style used on the campus of the University of Oklahoma.	architectural style,vernacular architectural,lloyd wright,frank lloyd,cherokee gothic,gothic,university,term,campus,frank,style,lloyd,architectural,wright,vernacular
Testerep was an island along the Belgian coast.	island,belgian,testerep,coast
André Bourgeois is a Canadian former competitive figure skater.	figure skater,competitive figure,andré bourgeois,bourgeois,figure,canadian,competitive,andré,skater
Cabernet Gernischt is the name given to a red wine grape variety used in China.	grape variety,wine grape,red wine,cabernet gernischt,gernischt,variety,grape,wine,cabernet,china
James W. Newton is an American jazz and classical flautist.	classical flautist,american jazz,w. newton,james w.,classical,newton,jazz,american,james,flautist
Ordinary is an unincorporated community in Gloucester County, Virginia, United States.	united states,gloucester county,unincorporated community,unincorporated,united,community,virginia,gloucester,county,ordinary,states
Sheykh Gol is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	lorestan province,dowreh county,shahivand district,rural district,kashkan rural,sheykh gol,district,province,village,lorestan,kashkan,county,rural,dowreh,sheykh
Lucius Aelius Megas Abgar IX was an Arab ruler of Osroene from AD 177 to 212.	arab ruler,abgar ix,megas abgar,aelius megas,lucius aelius,aelius,osroene,megas,ruler,abgar,arab,lucius
Ariel Steinberg is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League .	football league,australian football,football club,rule footballer,essendon football,australian rule,professional australian,ariel steinberg,football,australian,steinberg,professional,footballer,essendon,rule,club,ariel,league
SMS Rheinland was one of four Nassau-class battleships, the first dreadnoughts built for the German Imperial Navy .	imperial navy,german imperial,class battleship,sms rheinland,rheinland,imperial,nassau,german,class,dreadnought,battleship,navy
Caput lupinum or caput gerat lupinum is a term used in the English legal system and its derivatives.	legal system,gerat lupinum,english legal,caput gerat,caput lupinum,lupinum,system,legal,english,term,caput,gerat,derivative
Australornis is a genus of extinct seabird discovered in New Zealand.	new zealand,extinct seabird,genus,extinct,seabird,australornis,zealand
The Basilica of St.	basilica
Roslyn is a town in Day County, South Dakota, United States.	united states,south dakota,day county,town,united,dakota,county,south,roslyn,states
Yakau Zenko is a Belarusian figure skater.	figure skater,belarusian figure,yakau zenko,zenko,figure,belarusian,yakau,skater
By the end of 2006 there were about 15 hybrid vehicles from various car makers available in the U.S. By May 2007 Toyota sold its first million hybrids and had sold a total of two million hybrids at the end of August 2009.	maker available,car maker,hybrid vehicle,hybrid,available,maker,u.s.,vehicle,toyota,august
State Route 265 is an 18.33-mile-long east–west state highway in the eastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio.	u.s. state,eastern portion,state highway,west state,long east,state route,state,long,east,eastern,portion,route,west,highway,u.s.,ohio
Toyama Prefectural General Sports Center is an arena in Toyama, Toyama, Japan.	sports center,general sports,prefectural general,toyama prefectural,toyama,sports,general,center,prefectural,arena,japan
Vildan Pelin Karahan is a Turkish actress.	turkish actress,pelin karahan,vildan pelin,pelin,turkish,karahan,vildan,actress
Qaradəmirçi is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	village,rayon,municipality,barda,qaradəmirçi,azerbaijan
Montana is the forty-sixth richest state in the United States of America, with a per capita income of $17,151 .	united states,rich state,sixth rich,sixth,america,rich,states,state,united,montana,income
Narutaki Station is a tram stop in Ukyo-ku, Kyoto, Japan.	tram stop,narutaki station,station,kyoto,tram,stop,ukyo,narutaki,japan
Sir Wilfrid Thomas Southorn  , known as Tom, was a British colonial administrator, spending the large part of career in Ceylon .	colonial administrator,thomas southorn,british colonial,wilfrid thomas,sir wilfrid,wilfrid,career,thomas,large,southorn,administrator,colonial,british
Colfax is a city in Richland County, North Dakota, United States.	united states,north dakota,richland county,city,united,richland,dakota,county,north,colfax,states
Taras John Zytynsky is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the American Hockey League and French Ligue Magnus.	ligue magnus,french ligue,hockey league,hockey player,american hockey,ice hockey,professional ice,john zytynsky,taras john,hockey,john,ligue,zytynsky,french,canadian,professional,league,player
Kamalaldin Mallash is a Syrian-born Qatari handball player for El Jaish and the Qatari national team.	national team,qatari national,el jaish,handball player,qatari handball,kamalaldin mallash,qatari,mallash,national,syrian,player,handball,jaish,kamalaldin,team
Gravesend Race Track at Gravesend on Coney Island, New York was a Thoroughbred horse racing facility that opened in 1886 and closed in 1910.	racing facility,horse racing,thoroughbred horse,new york,coney island,race track,gravesend race,gravesend,racing,horse,thoroughbred,york,island,coney,race,track
Arktikugol государственный трест «Арктикуголь» ) is a Russian coal mining unitary enterprise which operates on the islands of Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.	unitary enterprise,mining unitary,coal mining,государственный трест,russian coal,arktikugol государственный,государственный,svalbard,трест,spitsbergen,арктикуголь,island,russian,enterprise,coal,unitary
The Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix is a motorcycling event that is part of the FIM Grand Prix motorcycle racing season.	grand prix,prix motorcycle,fim grand,motorcycle grand,qatar motorcycle,motorcycle,grand,prix,event,qatar,season
Major Rama Raghoba Rane, PVC was an officer in the Indian Army.	indian army,raghoba rane,rama raghoba,major rama,rama,indian,raghoba,officer,rane,major,army
Goran Markov is a Macedonian football coach and a former player.	football coach,macedonian football,goran markov,markov,coach,macedonian,football,goran,player
Joseph Francois , better known by his stage name Joe Blakk, is an American rapper and activist from New Orleans.	new orleans,american rapper,joe blakk,joseph francois,francois,stage,activist,rapper,blakk,american,joseph,orleans
Brexitovka, also known as the Brexit Vodka, is a premium craft British vodka from Norfolk in England which commemorates Brexit.	british vodka,craft british,premium craft,brexit vodka,vodka,brexit,england,craft,norfolk,premium,british,brexitovka
A circle cotter, also known as a cotter ring or split ring, is a formed wire fastener that is shaped like a circle, hence the name.	wire fastener,cotter ring,circle cotter,cotter,ring,fastener,circle,wire
San Jose Metropolitan Area is the largest urban agglomeration in Costa Rica, comprising areas of high population density surrounding the capital, San José.	san josé,population density,costa rica,high population,urban agglomeration,large urban,metropolitan area,jose metropolitan,san jose,area,capital,density,agglomeration,population,jose,urban,costa,high
Guido Ruggiero is a notable microhistorian and professor and chair of the University of Miami History Department.	history department,miami history,notable microhistorian,guido ruggiero,ruggiero,history,notable,miami,microhistorian,university,professor,chair,guido,department
Pieter Antonsz Barbiers (bapt.	antonsz barbiers,pieter antonsz,antonsz,barbiers,pieter,bapt
Harrie Hendrickx is a former Belgian local politician in Schoten for the Christian democratic CVP/CD&V party.	cd&v party,democratic cvp,local politician,christian democratic,belgian local,harrie hendrickx,hendrickx,cd&v,belgian,local,democratic,politician,christian,schoten,harrie
Howard Gould was a financier and the son of Jay Gould.	jay gould,howard gould,gould,financier,howard
The First Day of Freedom is a 1964 Polish drama film directed by Aleksander Ford.	aleksander ford,drama film,polish drama,first day,aleksander,freedom,film,polish,drama,first,ford
The Scottsburg Courthouse Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Scottsburg, Scott County, Indiana.	historic district,national historic,scott county,square historic,courthouse square,scottsburg courthouse,scottsburg,historic,district,county,scott,courthouse,square,national,indiana
Amanda Davies is an Australian geographer and Senior Lecturer in the Department of Planning and Geography at Curtin University.	curtin university,senior lecturer,australian geographer,amanda davies,davies,curtin,australian,geography,geographer,planning,senior,department,lecturer,amanda
Cedar Township is one of twenty-six townships in Buffalo County, Nebraska, United States.	united states,buffalo county,cedar township,township,united,nebraska,county,buffalo,states,cedar
Stefano Eranio ; born 29 December 1966) is an Italian former football player, who played as a midfielder.	football player,stefano eranio,eranio,player,december,football,italian,stefano,midfielder
Alucita kosterini is a moth of the family Alucitidae.	family alucitidae,alucita kosterini,kosterini,family,moth,alucita,alucitidae
The Banana Doughnut theory also sometimes known as Born-Fréchet kernel theory, or Finite-frequency theory is a model in seismic tomography that describes the shape of the Fresnel zone along the entire ray path of a body wave.	body wave,ray path,entire ray,seismic tomography,fresnel zone,frequency theory,kernel theory,fréchet kernel,doughnut theory,banana doughnut,theory,body,path,entire,zone,fresnel,shape,tomography,doughnut
Memphis ; Coptic: ⲙⲉⲙϥⲓ; Greek: Μέμφις) was the ancient capital of Aneb-Hetch, the first nome of Lower Egypt.	low egypt,ancient capital,coptic,ⲙⲉⲙϥⲓ,nome,greek,hetch,μέμφις,aneb,ancient,capital
Gmina Czarny Bór is a rural gmina in Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	western poland,silesian voivodeship,low silesian,wałbrzych county,rural gmina,czarny bór,gmina czarny,gmina,western,south,voivodeship,silesian,county,wałbrzych,czarny
Aya Castle is a castle located in Aya, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.	miyazaki prefecture,aya castle,prefecture,miyazaki,castle,japan
Sir Robert Blyth Greig FRSE was a Scottish agriculturalist.	scottish agriculturalist,greig frse,blyth greig,robert blyth,sir robert,robert,scottish,blyth,frse,greig,agriculturalist
Turtle's Progress is a British television series broadcast between 1979 and 1980.	television series,british television,progress,television,british,turtle,series
Renato Traiola is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,polo player,water polo,italian water,renato traiola,traiola,summer,italian,player,water,polo,renato,olympics
The 1999 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 21–23, 1999.	baseball tournament,conference baseball,athletic conference,atlantic athletic,metro atlantic,atlantic,place,athletic,tournament,conference,baseball,metro
Sam-Son Farm is a Thoroughbred horse racing stable with farms located in Milton, Ontario, Canada and Ocala, Florida.	racing stable,horse racing,thoroughbred horse,son farm,farm,ocala,canada,ontario,milton,horse,racing,thoroughbred,stable
Acanthicus is a genus of large, South American suckermouth armored catfishes native to the Amazon and Orinoco basins, and possibly in Guyana.	orinoco basin,catfish native,american suckermouth,south american,genus,basin,large,orinoco,south,amazon,american,native,suckermouth,catfish
Édouard Vanzeveren was a French freestyle swimmer.	freestyle swimmer,french freestyle,édouard vanzeveren,vanzeveren,freestyle,french,édouard,swimmer
NGC 7243, also Caldwell 16, is an open cluster and Caldwell object in the constellation Lacerta.	constellation lacerta,caldwell object,open cluster,caldwell,constellation,object,open,cluster,lacerta
Cruising is a social activity that primarily consists of driving a car.	social,activity,cruising
The BFW M.31, sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M.27, was a radial-engined German two-seat sports plane from 1932, with a low, cantilever wing, open cockpits and fixed undercarriage.	open cockpit,sport plane,seat sport,cockpit,messerschmitt,open,wing,radial,german,plane
The Nevada congressional elections of 2006 took place on November 7, 2006 when each of the state's three congressional districts elected a representative to the United States House of Representatives.	states house,united states,congressional district,congressional election,nevada congressional,congressional,house,states,united,representative,district,place,november,election,state
Stanisław Skalski  was a Polish fighter ace of the Polish Air Force in World War II, later rising to the rank of brigadier general.	brigadier general,war ii,world war,air force,polish air,fighter ace,polish fighter,stanisław skalski,polish,brigadier,rank,skalski,world,force,fighter
Saint-Privat-du-Fau is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.	southern france,lozère department,privat,southern,department,lozère,commune,saint,france
The Melody Inn is a bar and live music club in the Butler-Tarkington neighborhood of Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	united states,tarkington neighborhood,music club,melody inn,united,indiana,music,indianapolis,club,neighborhood,butler,tarkington
The crested barbet  is a sub-Saharan bird in the Lybiidae family.	lybiidae family,saharan bird,crested barbet,barbet,lybiidae,bird,saharan,crested,family
Yarraman railway station is located on the Pakenham and Cranbourne lines, in Victoria, Australia.	cranbourne line,railway station,yarraman railway,railway,victoria,station,line,pakenham,cranbourne,yarraman,australia
Westmont is a census designated place in Los Angeles County, California, United States.	united states,angeles county,los angeles,census,united,place,california,county,angeles,westmont,states
Covell is a surname.	covell,surname
DOCARE International is a non-profit medical outreach program that brings health care to primitive and isolated people in remote areas of the Western Hemisphere.	western hemisphere,remote area,isolated people,health care,outreach program,medical outreach,profit medical,docare international,international,western,area,profit,remote,medical,people,outreach,isolated
The 1897 Pittsburgh Pirates season was the 16th season of the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise; their 11th in the National League.	pittsburgh pirates,pirates season,national league,pirates franchise,season,pirates,national,franchise,pittsburgh,league
The Central Visayas Regional Football Association is a Filipino football association.	football association,filipino football,regional football,visayas regional,central visayas,football,visayas,regional,association,filipino,central
Lots Road Power Station is a disused coal and later oil-fired and later gas-fired power station on the River Thames at Lots Road in Chelsea, London in the south-west of The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, which supplied electricity to the London Underground system.	lots road,power station,disused coal,road power,later oil,underground system,river thames,london underground,royal borough,london,chelsea,station,power,road,underground,later,coal,royal
The 3rd New York Film Critics Online Awards, honoring the best in filmmaking in 2003, were given on 15 December 2003.	online awards,critics online,film critics,york film,new york,good,york,awards,film,online,critics,december
Chapab Municipality is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing  of land and located roughly 85 km south of the city of Mérida.	mexican state,chapab municipality,municipality,city,land,yucatán,state,mexican,mérida,chapab
Sweet Bay is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.	newfoundland,settlement,sweet,labrador
All Souls' Church is a former parish church in the Church of England in Witton, Birmingham, England which is now used by the Church of God.	church,england,witton,birmingham,souls,parish
Julio Argentino Kaplan Pera  is a Puerto Rican chess player, former world junior champion and software developer founder of Heuristic Software.	heuristic software,developer founder,software developer,junior champion,chess player,world junior,rican chess,kaplan pera,puerto rican,argentino kaplan,software,argentino,kaplan,pera,puerto,rican,chess,player,world,junior
École Marie-Gaétane is a Francophone high school in Kedgwick, New Brunswick, Canada.	new brunswick,high school,francophone high,école marie,marie,brunswick,gaétane,francophone,kedgwick,high,school,école,canada
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited is a listed corporation based in Hong Kong.	hong kong,properties limited,kai properties,hung kai,sun hung,hung,hong,corporation,properties,limited,kong
Huddleston is an unincorporated community in Bedford County, Virginia, United States, 12.5 miles south-southeast of Bedford.	united states,bedford county,unincorporated community,bedford,unincorporated,community,united,states,virginia,mile,county,southeast,huddleston
Ogōri was a town located in Yoshiki District, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.	yamaguchi prefecture,yoshiki district,town,prefecture,yoshiki,yamaguchi,district,ogōri,japan
Zhang Renjie , born Zhang Jingjiang , was a political figure and financial entrepreneur in the Republic of China.	financial entrepreneur,political figure,zhang jingjiang,zhang renjie,zhang,republic,jingjiang,entrepreneur,political,financial,figure,renjie,china
McPherson County is a county in the U.S. state of South Dakota.	south dakota,u.s. state,mcpherson county,county,south,state,u.s.,dakota,mcpherson
The Composer's Voice Concert Series is a concert series in New York City which presents contemporary chamber music.	concert series,chamber music,contemporary chamber,york city,new york,voice concert,voice,chamber,concert,contemporary,series,city,york,composer,music
Mohammadabad is a village in Jushaq Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	markazi province,delijan county,central district,rural district,jushaq rural,district,province,village,markazi,jushaq,county,rural,delijan,iran,mohammadabad
Shavir is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	ardabil province,kowsar county,central district,rural district,gharbi rural,e gharbi,district,village,province,sanjabad,ardabil,county,gharbi,kowsar,rural
Léger or Leger is a surname, and may refer to:	leger,léger,surname
Évariste Lévi-Provençal was a French medievalist, orientalist, Arabist, and historian of Islam.	french medievalist,évariste lévi,lévi,historian,provençal,arabist,french,orientalist,medievalist,évariste,islam
Thalakodu Sree Krishna Temple is an ancient Sri Krishna temple located in the village of Cheriyoor, near Taliparamba in the Indian state of Kerala.	krishna temple,sri krishna,ancient sri,sree krishna,indian state,thalakodu sree,krishna,temple,state,indian,sree,taliparamba,cheriyoor,village,ancient
The Beatles (No.
Gary Pinto is an Australian singer, songwriter and musician.	australian singer,gary pinto,pinto,songwriter,australian,singer,gary,musician
The Wee Man, also released as John Burns, is a 2013 Scottish gangster film directed by Ray Burdis and starring Martin Compston and John Hannah.	john hannah,martin compston,ray burdis,gangster film,scottish gangster,john burns,wee man,john,film,gangster,burdis,scottish,martin,burns,compston
The men's team competition at the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea was held from 25 September to 28 September at the Dream Park Country Club.	country club,park country,south korea,dream park,asian games,team competition,september,team,country,competition,park,asian,games,incheon,dream,south
Uttarakhand Gramin Bank is a regional rural bank in India.It is sponsored by State Bank of India established under RRB Act 1976 came into existence on 1st Nov 2012 after amalgamation of erstwhile RRB viz.	rrb viz,erstwhile rrb,rrb act,state bank,rural bank,regional rural,gramin bank,uttarakhand gramin,bank,india,gramin,existence,amalgamation,erstwhile
The 1993 FIBA European League Final Four, or 1993 FIBA EuroLeague Final Four, was the 1992–93 season's FIBA European League Final Four tournament, organized by FIBA Europe.	final four,european league,fiba european,league final,euroleague final,fiba euroleague,four tournament,fiba,four,final,league,european,euroleague,season,tournament,europe
Rudy den Outer is a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country at the 2008 Vintage Yachting Games in Medemblik, as helmsman in the Dutch Soling Sophie’s Choice.	soling sophie,dutch soling,yachting games,vintage yachting,outer,sophie,sailor,soling,netherlands,dutch,country,helmsman,vintage,medemblik
The 1987–88 Vancouver Canucks season was the team's 18th in the National Hockey League .	hockey league,national hockey,canucks season,vancouver canucks,canucks,hockey,season,national,team,vancouver,league
20-Hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid, also known as 20-HETE or 20-hydroxy-5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z-eicosatetraenoic acid, is an eicosanoid metabolite of arachidonic acid that has a wide range of effects on the vascular system including the regulation of vascular tone, blood flow to specific organs, sodium and fluid transport in the kidney, and vascular pathway remodeling.	pathway remodeling,fluid transport,vascular pathway,specific organ,blood flow,vascular tone,vascular system,wide range,arachidonic acid,eicosanoid metabolite,vascular,acid,organ,specific,sodium,pathway,flow,fluid,blood,transport
Alan Major Millard was an English solicitor who became an Australian politician.	australian politician,english solicitor,major millard,alan major,major,australian,millard,solicitor,english,alan,politician
Laconia is a city in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.	united states,new hampshire,belknap county,city,united,belknap,hampshire,county,laconia,states
Marko Bulat is a Serbian football defender.	football defender,serbian football,marko bulat,bulat,football,serbian,marko,defender
Herman Myers was a politician from Georgia, United States and a Mayor of Savannah.	united states,herman myers,myers,mayor,politician,states,georgia,united,herman,savannah
Compton Acres is a housing development located to the south west of West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire, England, on the rural-urban fringe.	urban fringe,west bridgford,south west,housing development,compton acres,west,urban,acres,rural,housing,england,development,nottinghamshire,south,bridgford
The Church of St Helen, Kilnsea, Holderness, East Riding of Yorkshire, England, is a redundant parish church dating from 1864–5.	parish church,redundant parish,east riding,st helen,church,helen,kilnsea,holderness,east,riding,yorkshire,england,redundant
Planocrania is an extinct genus of crocodylians.	extinct,genus,planocrania,crocodylian
Boisseuil is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.	western france,aquitaine region,vienne department,commune,western,haute,region,vienne,aquitaine,department,nouvelle,boisseuil,france
Kirsten Tibballs is a pastry chef and chocolatier.	pastry chef,kirsten tibballs,tibballs,chef,pastry,kirsten,chocolatier
Heather Ford is a South African researcher, blogger, journalist, social entrepreneur and open source activist who has worked in the field of Internet policy, law and management in South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States.	united states,united kingdom,internet policy,source activist,open source,social entrepreneur,african researcher,south african,heather ford,south,united,ford,open,source,entrepreneur,activist,social,field,journalist
The Sugar Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game played in New Orleans, Louisiana.	new orleans,bowl game,football bowl,college football,american college,annual american,sugar bowl,bowl,orleans,game,american,college,annual,football,louisiana,sugar
Wawea is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Arctomiaceae family.	genus,arctomiaceae,fungus,wawea,family
Admiral Sir Douglas Austin Gamble  was a Royal Navy officer who commanded the 4th Battle Squadron.	battle squadron,navy officer,austin gamble,royal navy,douglas austin,sir douglas,admiral sir,battle,douglas,austin,officer,gamble,navy,royal,admiral
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago was established as a diocese in 1843 and elevated to an archdiocese in 1880.	catholic archdiocese,roman catholic,archdiocese,catholic,diocese,chicago,elevated,roman
The Hungarian violin school started with Jòzsef Joseph Böhm, when in 1819 he began to teach the first violin class of Vienna's Conservatory.	violin class,joseph böhm,jòzsef joseph,violin school,hungarian violin,violin,vienna,class,jòzsef,joseph,school,böhm,conservatory,hungarian
Constance Ada Shotter was a British actress who appeared in several films in the 1930s.	british actress,ada shotter,constance ada,film,shotter,actress,british,constance
Beat of My Heart is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for her first compilation album, Most Wanted .	most wanted,compilation album,hilary duff,singer hilary,american singer,-PRON- heart,-PRON-,most,heart,album,song,compilation,american,duff,singer,hilary
The 69th Infantry Division, nicknamed the "fighting 69th," was a Division of the United States Army formed during World War II. It is distinct from the 69th Infantry Regiment .	infantry division,states army,united states,war ii,world war,infantry regiment,infantry,division,world,army,states,united,distinct
Balmohan Vidyamandir is a Mumbai based School in India.	vidyamandir,school,mumbai,balmohan,india
The transversus menti, or transverse muscle of the chin, is a facial muscle that is often considered to be the superficial fibers of the depressor anguli oris muscle which cross to the other side of the face.	oris muscle,superficial fiber,facial muscle,transverse muscle,transversus menti,muscle,menti,transverse,fiber,depressor,superficial,oris,chin,facial,transversus
Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion is the debut album by the Long Island band Action Action, released in 2004, shortly after the band formed.	action action,band action,island band,long island,debut album,-PRON- fabric,fabric,year,fashion,debut,album,long,island,band,action,-PRON-
Régis Sénac, famous French fencer and instructor, was the father of Louis Senac.	louis senac,french fencer,famous french,régis sénac,sénac,louis,famous,father,french,instructor,fencer,régis,senac
Tumbao is a barrio in the municipality of Maunabo, Puerto Rico.	barrio,puerto,municipality,maunabo,tumbao,rico
Club Deportivo Elgoibar is a football team based in Elgoibar in the autonomous community of Basque Country.	basque country,autonomous community,football team,deportivo elgoibar,club deportivo,elgoibar,basque,community,deportivo,autonomous,football,team,country,club
Geneviève Vix née Brouwer was a French soprano.	french soprano,geneviève vix,french,brouwer,geneviève,soprano
Saadatabad is a village in Jarqavieh Vosta Rural District, Jarqavieh Sofla District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	isfahan province,isfahan county,sofla district,jarqavieh sofla,rural district,vosta rural,jarqavieh vosta,jarqavieh,district,isfahan,province,village,vosta,rural,sofla,iran,saadatabad
Spencer is a city in and the county seat of Roane County, West Virginia, United States.	united states,west virginia,roane county,county seat,county,united,virginia,city,west,seat,roane,states,spencer
East London United is a South African football club based in Eastern Cape.	eastern cape,football club,african football,south african,london united,east london,london,eastern,united,club,south,football,african,east,cape
Suburban Strains is a 1980 musical by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn with music by Paul Todd.	paul todd,alan ayckbourn,playwright alan,british playwright,suburban strains,strains,paul,musical,music,british,ayckbourn,playwright,alan,suburban,todd
Olam Tzafuf is a 1983 album by Israeli rock band HaClique.	band haclique,rock band,israeli rock,olam tzafuf,tzafuf,band,album,rock,israeli,olam,haclique
The Eastern Michigan Eagles, formerly known as the Hurons, are the athletic teams for Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, Michigan, United States.	eastern michigan,michigan eagles,united states,athletic team,michigan university,michigan,united,athletic,hurons,team,eastern,eagles,university,ypsilanti,states
Xu Wenlong is a Chinese cross country skier who has competed since 2007.	country skier,cross country,chinese cross,xu wenlong,wenlong,country,chinese,cross,skier
The meridian 69° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, South America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.	south pole,southern ocean,pacific ocean,south america,caribbean sea,atlantic ocean,north america,arctic ocean,north pole,° west,ocean,north,south,america,west,pole,greenwich,line,longitude
Space TV is a private television channel in Azerbaijan.	television channel,private television,space tv,channel,private,television,space,azerbaijan
Fort Lyon was composed of two 19th-century military fort complexes in southeastern Colorado.	southeastern colorado,fort complex,military fort,century military,fort lyon,fort,southeastern,complex,century,lyon,military,colorado
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir James Nockells Horlick, 4th Baronet, OBE, MC was the second son of Sir James Horlick, first holder of the Horlick Baronetcy, of Cowley Manor in the County of Gloucester, England, and Margaret Adelaide Burford.	sir james,adelaide burford,cowley manor,nockells horlick,margaret adelaide,james nockells,horlick baronetcy,second son,james horlick,horlick,james,adelaide,margaret,england,colonel,gloucester,county,manor
Hasanabad-e Govijeh is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	kermanshah province,sonqor county,kolyai district,rural district,agahan rural,e govijeh,district,province,govijeh,kermanshah,village,county,agahan,sonqor,rural
Bahr al-Arab  is a river which flows approximately 800 kilometres through the southwest of Sudan and marks part of its international border with South Sudan.	south sudan,international border,bahr al,sudan,arab,river,kilometre,southwest,border,international,south,bahr
Dimitar Popgeorgiev Berovski was a Bulgarian revolutionary from Macedonia.	bulgarian revolutionary,popgeorgiev berovski,dimitar popgeorgiev,popgeorgiev,revolutionary,berovski,bulgarian,dimitar,macedonia
Looney Tunes: Back in Action is a 2003 American live-action/animated comedy film directed by Joe Dante.	joe dante,comedy film,american live,looney tunes,action,film,tunes,comedy,american,live,dante,looney
Nelly Buntschu is a Swiss politician of the Swiss Party of Labour.	swiss party,swiss politician,nelly buntschu,swiss,buntschu,party,nelly,labour,politician
Sarmaanyo is a town in the Sool region of Puntland.	town,region,sool,sarmaanyo,puntland
Guyanese Creole is an English-based creole language spoken by people in Guyana.	creole language,guyanese creole,creole,people,language,guyana,guyanese,english
South Salem is an unincorporated community in Wayne Township, Randolph County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.	u.s. state,randolph county,wayne township,unincorporated community,south salem,salem,state,unincorporated,u.s.,community,county,wayne,randolph,township,south
Palleon nasus, commonly known as the elongate leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.	chameleon endemic,leaf chameleon,elongate leaf,chameleon,elongate,endemic,leaf,palleon,madagascar,species
In mathematics, a Diophantine equation is a polynomial equation, usually in two or more unknowns, such that only the integer solutions are sought or studied .	integer solution,polynomial equation,diophantine equation,equation,integer,diophantine,unknown,solution,mathematic,polynomial
Major John Elsdale Molson TD was a Canadian-born British Conservative politician and member of the Molson family of Montreal that started the famous Molson brewery.	molson brewery,molson family,famous molson,conservative politician,molson td,british conservative,elsdale molson,john elsdale,major john,molson,john,elsdale,british,conservative,canadian,politician,montreal,member
Francesco Maria Preti was an Italian architect of the late-Baroque period.	baroque period,italian architect,maria preti,francesco maria,maria,baroque,preti,late,italian,architect,francesco,period
Maryland, Monmouthshire is a small village in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, United Kingdom.	united kingdom,east wales,south east,small village,monmouthshire,united,wales,east,south,small,village,kingdom,maryland
Grobišče ) is a small village on the Pivka River southwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	carniola region,inner carniola,river southwest,pivka river,small village,small,region,village,carniola,pivka,inner,river,postojna,southwest,grobišče
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1969 to Wales and its people.	particular,wales,significance,year,article,people
The Trinidad and Tobago Karate Union is the National Governing Body for the sport of Karate in Trinidad and Tobago.	governing body,national governing,karate union,tobago karate,karate,governing,national,body,union,sport,trinidad,tobago
For French DJ of Algerian Kabylie origin, see DJ KayzKeith Grayson , professionally known as DJ Kay Slay, is an American hip hop disc jockey from New York City.	york city,new york,disc jockey,hop disc,hip hop,kayzkeith grayson,kay slay,american hip,dj kayzkeith,kabylie origin,york,jockey,disc,american,slay
The bombing of Alicante was an aerial attack against the Spanish city of Alicante on 25 May 1938.	spanish city,aerial attack,alicante,attack,spanish,aerial,city,bombing
The Romanian alphabet is a variant of the Latin alphabet used by the Romanian language.	romanian language,latin alphabet,romanian alphabet,alphabet,romanian,variant,latin,language
Morteza Tabrizi is an Iranian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Persian Gulf Pro League side Esteghlal.	pro league,gulf pro,professional footballer,persian gulf,iranian professional,morteza tabrizi,tabrizi,league,iranian,professional,gulf,footballer,persian,forward,morteza
Dr Rakhshanda Jalil is a well known Indian writer, critic and literary historian.	literary historian,indian writer,rakhshanda jalil,dr rakhshanda,rakhshanda,literary,jalil,critic,indian,writer,historian
Australian rules football in Japan is a growing team sport which dates back to 1910, but found its roots in the late 1980s mainly due to the influence of Australian Football appearing on Japanese television.	japanese television,australian football,team sport,rule football,australian rule,football,australian,japanese,root,sport,late,team,japan,influence
The men's Laser competition at the 2010 Asian Games in Shanwei was held from 14 to 20 November 2010.	asian games,laser competition,laser,shanwei,competition,games,asian,november
Ben Lippen School is private K-12 Christian school located in Columbia, South Carolina.	south carolina,christian school,lippen school,ben lippen,school,south,lippen,columbia,private,christian,carolina
Hiran Magri is a locality in the Udaipur city of Rajasthan state.	rajasthan state,udaipur city,hiran magri,magri,rajasthan,locality,city,udaipur,hiran,state
Baawre is an Indian television drama that used to air on Life OK. It first began broadcasting on 2 June 2014 and went off air on 5 September 2014.	television drama,indian television,indian,television,june,drama,life,baawre,september
Bauernfeind is a German surname.	german,bauernfeind,surname
Eudolium pyriforme, common name the false tun shell, is a species of large, rare, deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae, the tun snails.	tun snail,family tonnidae,gastropod mollusc,marine gastropod,tun shell,sea snail,false tun,eudolium pyriforme,snail,pyriforme,common,large,mollusc,false,rare,gastropod,species
Smart glass or switchable glass is a glass or glazing whose light transmission properties are altered when voltage, light or heat is applied.	transmission property,light transmission,switchable glass,smart glass,glass,light,property,transmission,voltage,smart,switchable,heat
Chunati Wildlife Sanctuary is an IUCN Category IV protected area located in the Chittagong District of the Chittagong Division in southeastern Bangladesh.	southeastern bangladesh,chittagong division,chittagong district,category iv,iucn category,wildlife sanctuary,chunati wildlife,chittagong,wildlife,southeastern,sanctuary,division,iucn,category,area,chunati
Pseudahrensia todarodis is a Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, aerobic, rod-shaped and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Pseudahrensia which has been isolated from the gut of the squid Todarodes pacificus from the East Sea on Korea.	east sea,todarodes pacificus,squid todarodes,motile bacterium,pseudahrensia,east,pacificus,todarodes,squid,bacterium,genus
An equestrian staircase or riders' staircase is a very gently sloping flight of steps that can be negotiated by horses.	staircase,step,flight,horse,equestrian,rider
Kapur Chal is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	mazandaran province,babol county,central district,rural district,feyziyeh rural,kapur chal,district,chal,province,village,mazandaran,feyziyeh,county,rural,babol,kapur
The Windsor Beauties are a famous collection of paintings by Sir Peter Lely, painted in the early to mid-1660s.	peter lely,sir peter,famous collection,windsor beauties,beauties,early,famous,lely,collection,peter,painting,windsor
Lionel Wordsworth Hinxman FRSE was a Scottish geologist, with a special love and knowledge of Scottish mountains.	scottish mountain,special love,scottish geologist,hinxman frse,wordsworth hinxman,lionel wordsworth,scottish,wordsworth,hinxman,frse,special,love,geologist,knowledge,lionel,mountain
George Richard Torbay , an Australian politician, was an independent member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Northern Tablelands from 1999 to 2013.	northern tablelands,legislative assembly,wales legislative,south wales,new south,independent member,australian politician,richard torbay,george richard,richard,northern,torbay,assembly,australian,legislative,politician,wales,independent,south
North Frisian is a minority language of Germany, spoken by about 10,000 people in North Frisia.	minority language,north frisian,north,language,minority,germany,frisian,people,frisia
Mandy Salter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Nicola Stapleton from 12 March 1992 to 13 January 1994 and then from 29 August 2011 to 31 May 2012.	nicola stapleton,opera eastenders,soap opera,bbc soap,fictional character,mandy salter,salter,august,fictional,january,character,march,stapleton,soap,nicola
Keli‘iokaloa was the Aliʻi nui of the island of Hawaiʻi from 1525 to 1545.	aliʻi,island,keli‘iokaloa,hawaiʻi
Sābiq Abu ’l-Faḍā’il ibn Mahmūd was the Mirdasid emir of Aleppo from 1076-1080.	mirdasid emir,ibn mahmūd,faḍā’il ibn,abu ’l,sābiq abu,emir,mirdasid,faḍā’il,mahmūd,sābiq,aleppo
Irving Lanouette Price was an American toy manufacturer.	toy manufacturer,american toy,lanouette price,irving lanouette,lanouette,price,american,irving,manufacturer
This is a list of museums in Suriname.	museum,list,suriname
Experimentalfältet was an area in Frescati in northern Stockholm that was used by the Royal Swedish Academy of Agriculture and Forestry from the early 19th Century until the 1960s.	swedish academy,royal swedish,northern stockholm,area,century,frescati,northern,early,stockholm,forestry,royal,agriculture
Jesus the Splendour is the pre-existent aspect of Jesus in Manichaeism.	jesus,existent,splendour,aspect,manichaeism
Wellingsbüttel is a station on the Alster Valley line, located in Wellingsbüttel, Hamburg, Germany.	valley line,alster valley,wellingsbüttel,hamburg,alster,valley,station,line,germany
Men-of-War: Life in Nelson's Navy by Patrick O'Brian is a short, small-format 12.7 cm × 17.6 cm × 0.8 cm , concise, well illustrated introduction to life aboard the ships of the Royal Navy during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries; the period in which the author's acclaimed Aubrey–Maturin series of novels is set.	cm ×,maturin series,nineteenth century,early nineteenth,late eighteenth,royal navy,patrick o'brian,life,navy,series,maturin,aubrey,author,period,century
Buna is a village in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.	new guinea,papua new,oro province,village,papua,province,buna,guinea
Ramón Antonio Avilés Miranda is a Puerto Rican former backup infielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox and Philadelphia Phillies .	philadelphia phillies,red sox,league baseball,boston red,major league,backup infielder,puerto rican,avilés miranda,antonio avilés,ramón antonio,antonio,philadelphia,avilés,miranda,puerto,boston,rican,baseball
Songoro is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania.	arusha region,arumeru district,administrative ward,administrative,region,ward,arusha,arumeru,district,songoro,tanzania
A noise map is a graphic representation of the sound level distribution and the propagation of sound waves in a given region, for a defined period.	sound wave,level distribution,sound level,graphic representation,noise map,sound,region,graphic,wave,representation,distribution,level,propagation,noise
Lasconotus subcostulatus is a species of cylindrical bark beetle in the family Zopheridae.	family zopheridae,bark beetle,cylindrical bark,lasconotus subcostulatus,subcostulatus,family,species,beetle,cylindrical,bark,lasconotus,zopheridae
A cloudburst is an extreme amount of precipitation in a short period of time, sometimes accompanied by hail and thunder, which is capable of creating flood conditions.	flood condition,short period,extreme,flood,precipitation,capable,short,thunder,period,hail,time,cloudburst
Yisroel Tzvi Neuman is an Orthodox rabbi and one of the four roshei yeshiva of Beth Medrash Govoha in Lakewood, New Jersey.	new jersey,medrash govoha,beth medrash,roshei yeshiva,orthodox rabbi,tzvi neuman,yisroel tzvi,tzvi,neuman,lakewood,orthodox,govoha,rabbi,medrash,roshei,beth
Stewart Range is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located about 289 kilometres south-east of the state capital of Adelaide and about 12 kilometres west of the municipal seat of Naracoorte.Stewart Range came in existence as a government town which was proclaimed with the name Tryon on 29 April 1886.	stewart range,south australia,australian state,kilometre south,state capital,kilometre west,municipal seat,government town,kilometre,state,south,range,tryon,town,government,existence,naracoorte,seat
Ibănești is a commune located in Vaslui County, Romania, with a population of approximately 1,500.	commune,romania,vaslui,county,ibănești,population
The Olympian is the name of two fictional characters in DC Comics.	dc comics,fictional character,fictional,character,olympian,comics
In algebraic number theory, a supersingular prime is a prime number with a certain relationship to a given elliptic curve.	elliptic curve,certain relationship,prime number,supersingular prime,number theory,algebraic number,number,prime,elliptic,relationship,certain,theory,supersingular,curve,algebraic
Temognatha heros, the Yellow Jewel Beetle or Large Jewel Beetle, is a species of beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae.	jewel beetle,large jewel,yellow jewel,family buprestidae,temognatha hero,beetle,jewel,hero,family,yellow,large,temognatha,buprestidae,species
Ellis Edgar "Puss" Achong  was a sportsman from Trinidad and Tobago in the West Indies.	west indies,ellis edgar,edgar,west,puss,tobago,achong,trinidad,sportsman,ellis,indies
Acalolepta is a genus of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Lamiinae.	family cerambycidae,faced longhorn,genus,cerambycidae,faced,family,longhorn,acalolepta,lamiinae
Prélude, Choral et Fugue, FWV 21 is a work for solo piano written in 1884 by César Franck.	césar franck,solo piano,et fugue,choral et,choral,césar,piano,fugue,solo,work,prélude,franck
John Thewlis junior was an English first-class cricketer, who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1876.Born in Lascelles Hall, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, England, Thewlis was a right-handed batsman, who hit 21 runs at 5.25, with a best of ten against the Marylebone Cricket Club .	cricket club,lascelles hall,handed batsman,county cricket,marylebone cricket,yorkshire county,class cricketer,thewlis junior,john thewlis,thewlis,yorkshire,cricket,batsman,handed,good,class,english,cricketer
Mead is an alcoholic beverage created by fermenting honey with water, sometimes with various fruits, spices, grains, or hops.	alcoholic,grain,beverage,spice,honey,fruit,water,mead
The 2002 Oceania Athletics Championships were held at the Queen Elizabeth II Park in Christchurch, New Zealand, between December 12–14, 2002.	new zealand,ii park,elizabeth ii,queen elizabeth,athletics championships,oceania athletics,athletics,zealand,championships,queen,christchurch,elizabeth,park,oceania
Dyschirius breviphthalmus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae.	subfamily scaritinae,ground beetle,dyschirius breviphthalmus,breviphthalmus,subfamily,species,beetle,ground,dyschirius,scaritinae
The Las Vegas Limited was a short-lived weekend-only passenger train operated by Amtrak between Los Angeles, California, and Las Vegas, Nevada.	las vegas,vegas limited,passenger train,los angeles,vegas,amtrak,train,passenger,angeles,weekend,california,limited
Karauli State was a princely state in India from 1348 to 1949.	princely state,karauli state,state,karauli,princely,india
The New Music Seminar is a Music Conference and Festival held annually each June in New York City.	york city,music conference,new york,music seminar,new music,music,york,festival,conference,june,city,seminar
Hector Hercules Bell CBE was an Australian contractor, municipal councillor, and tramway administrator.	tramway administrator,municipal councillor,australian contractor,bell cbe,hercules bell,hector hercules,hercules,tramway,bell,councillor,municipal,australian,contractor,hector,administrator
Kelvyn Jones,  31 October 1953) is a British professor of human quantitative geography at the University of Bristol.	quantitative geography,human quantitative,british professor,kelvyn jones,jones,university,october,geography,british,quantitative,professor,human,kelvyn,bristol
Grosskost is a surname.	grosskost,surname
This is a list of people on the postage stamps of the colonies of Italy, including the years of their appearances.	people,year,postage,italy,stamp,colony,list,appearance
The EN series engine is used for kei cars sold by Subaru in Japan.	kei car,series engine,en series,series,subaru,engine,japan
The 1968 General Elections in Singapore has increases the number of seats by 7 to 58 seats.	elections,singapore,increase,number,seat,general
La Argentina is a 1602 poem written by Martín del Barco Centenera.	barco centenera,del barco,martín del,la argentina,argentina,barco,poem,martín,centenera
Sheridan was a small settlement in Sheridan County, Kansas, United States.	united states,sheridan county,small settlement,sheridan,united,kansas,county,small,settlement,states
María del Carmen Ordaz Martínez is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI. She currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Yucatán.	mexican congress,mexican politician,lxii legislature,ordaz martínez,carmen ordaz,del carmen,maría del,mexican,carmen,congress,ordaz,deputy,martínez,lxii,politician
The 2017–18 Siena Saints men's basketball team represented Siena College during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	basketball season,ncaa division,siena college,basketball team,saints man,siena saints,basketball,siena,ncaa,division,college,team,saints,season
PHPEdit is a commercial IDE developed by the French company WaterProof SARL. It is written in Delphi and runs on the Microsoft Windows operating system, and is designed mainly for the PHP language, but supports many other languages such as CSS, HTML, JavaScript, INI, PHPEditScript, PlainText, SQL, XML, and XSLT. PHPEdit currently costs €89.00 despite the most recent version being released in 2012.	recent version,php language,microsoft windows,waterproof sarl,company waterproof,french company,commercial ide,phpedit,language,recent,waterproof,sarl,company,delphi,plaintext,french,phpeditscript
Haddock's Hall is a historic commercial building located at Piermont in Rockland County, New York.	new york,rockland county,commercial building,historic commercial,hall,historic,county,commercial,rockland,building,piermont,haddock,york
Beatnik Filmstars were a British Lo-fi pop group formed in Bristol in 1990.	pop group,fi pop,british lo,beatnik filmstars,filmstars,group,british,beatnik,bristol
The Carpentered Hen is the first poetry collection and first published book by John Updike, published by Harper in 1958.	john updike,poetry collection,carpentered hen,updike,poetry,john,collection,book,carpentered,harper
The Brain That Wouldn't Die is a 1962 American science fiction horror film directed by Joseph Green and written by Green and Rex Carlton.	rex carlton,joseph green,horror film,fiction horror,science fiction,american science,brain that,green,that,american,science,fiction,horror,film,joseph,brain
Lieutenant General Sir James Watson KCB was a British Army officer and Commander-in-Chief, India.	army officer,british army,watson kcb,james watson,sir james,general sir,lieutenant general,general,chief,commander,james,officer,watson,army,british
Bazugues is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,gers department,commune,southwestern,gers,department,bazugue,france
Notonecta glauca is a species of aquatic insect, and a type of backswimmer.	aquatic insect,notonecta glauca,glauca,type,species,insect,aquatic,notonecta,backswimmer
Kristan "Kris Fade" Fahd is an Australian-Lebanese radio presenter, host, and musician.	radio presenter,lebanese radio,kris fade,kris,host,fade,presenter,fahd,radio,australian,lebanese,kristan,musician
Stishovite is an extremely hard, dense tetragonal form of silicon dioxide.	silicon dioxide,tetragonal form,dense tetragonal,hard,silicon,dense,form,tetragonal,stishovite,dioxide
Teen Top's Rising 100% is a South Korean variety show featured on the Seoul Broadcasting System and produced by MTV. A total of ten episodes of the series were aired from June 10, 2012 to August 18, 2012.	broadcasting system,seoul broadcasting,korean variety,south korean,teen top,june,south,series,korean,episode,variety,total,seoul
Acaponeta is both a municipality and a town in the northern part of the Mexican state of Nayarit.	municipality,state,town,mexican,northern,acaponeta,nayarit
Pouyastruc is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.	western france,pyrénées department,commune,western,hautes,south,pyrénées,department,pouyastruc,france
Jeanne Mette , better known under her married name, Jane Catulle-Mendès, was a French poet.	french poet,jane catulle,jeanne mette,mette,french,married,mendès,jane,catulle,jeanne,poet
This page lists governors of Trinidad.	governor,page,trinidad
The 1998 Philippine Basketball Association rookie draft was an event at which teams drafted players from the amateur ranks.	amateur rank,rookie draft,association rookie,basketball association,philippine basketball,basketball,amateur,association,player,rookie,team,draft,event,philippine,rank
James Lockie was an English footballer active at the turn of the 20th century.	footballer active,english footballer,james lockie,lockie,english,turn,footballer,active,james,century
Babbs is an English surname and may refer to:	english,babbs,surname
Shock-No-Par is the debut studio album by American musical group Octant, a project led by Seattle-based musician Matt Steinke.	matt steinke,group octant,musician matt,musical group,american musical,studio album,debut studio,matt,musician,debut,seattle,studio,project,album,octant
XHPALV-FM is a radio station on 100.9 FM in Alto Lucero, Veracruz, targeting the state capital of Xalapa.	state capital,alto lucero,radio station,capital,state,veracruz,lucero,alto,radio,station,xalapa,xhpalv
Travis Tyrell Beckum is a former American football tight end.	tight end,football tight,american football,tyrell beckum,travis tyrell,tyrell,tight,beckum,football,american,travis
Namosh or Namosh E. Arslan is a German singer, musician, performance artist, actor and DJ of Kurdish descent.	kurdish descent,performance artist,german singer,e. arslan,namosh e.,kurdish,arslan,german,actor,singer,artist,musician,performance
Mulben is a hamlet situated at a crossroads that forms the intersection of the A95 road and the B9103 in the Moray council area of Scotland.	council area,moray council,hamlet,area,crossroad,council,intersection,moray,road,mulben
Wiem Gommies is an Indonesian boxer.	indonesian boxer,wiem gommies,gommies,indonesian,wiem,boxer
The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.	sălăuța river,morii river,valea morii,river,morii,tributary,sălăuța,valea,romania
WKZY is an American radio station, licensed to Chilton, Wisconsin, and transmitting from the Lake Winnebago community of Stockbridge to provide a city-grade signal to both Oshkosh and the Fox Cities.	fox cities,grade signal,winnebago community,lake winnebago,radio station,american radio,american,radio,oshkosh,station,signal,chilton,grade,wisconsin,city
Delessite is a mineral variety, a magnesium-rich form of chamosite which is a member of the chlorite group.	chlorite group,rich form,mineral variety,mineral,chlorite,variety,member,magnesium,chamosite,rich,form,delessite,group
The Barretts of Wimpole Street is a 1957 Metrocolor CinemaScope film originating from the United Kingdom, and was a re-make of the earlier 1934 version by the same director, Sidney Franklin.	sidney franklin,united kingdom,cinemascope film,metrocolor cinemascope,wimpole street,wimpole,sidney,street,director,metrocolor,version,cinemascope,early,film,kingdom
Steinseltz is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.	eastern france,grand est,rhin department,commune,eastern,north,rhin,department,grand,steinseltz,france
The 1915 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented Ohio State University in the 1915 college football season.	ohio state,football season,football team,buckeyes football,state buckeyes,college football,state university,football,state,team,college,ohio,university,buckeyes,season
Manin is a surname.	manin,surname
Ships in the Night is a 1973 song by Vicki Lawrence, an American pop music singer, actress, and comedienne.	music singer,pop music,american pop,vicki lawrence,night,actress,song,singer,vicki,music,lawrence,american,ship
A cycle count is an inventory auditing procedure, which falls under inventory management, where a small subset of inventory, in a specific location, is counted on a specified day.	specific location,small subset,inventory management,auditing procedure,inventory auditing,cycle count,inventory,location,count,specific,small,management,subset,auditing,procedure
The Howqua River, a minor inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.	australian state,alpine region,darling basin,broken catchment,goulburn broken,perennial river,inland perennial,minor inland,howqua river,river,state,australian,region,alpine,basin,darling,murray,catchment,broken
Bellmount Forest is a locality in the Upper Lachlan Shire and the Yass Valley Council area, New South Wales, Australia.	south wales,new south,council area,valley council,yass valley,lachlan shire,upper lachlan,bellmount forest,forest,wales,locality,south,upper,lachlan,area,shire,council
Mary Beth Tinker is an American Free Speech Activist known for her role in the 1969 Tinker v.	speech activist,free speech,american free,beth tinker,mary beth,tinker,beth,speech,free,activist,american,role,mary
Jakob Makarashvili is a Georgian freestyle wrestler.	freestyle wrestler,georgian freestyle,jakob makarashvili,makarashvili,freestyle,georgian,jakob,wrestler
Bran Ferren , is an American technologist, artist, architectural designer, vehicle designer, engineer, lighting and sound designer, visual effects artist, scientist, lecturer, photographer, entrepreneur, and a prolific inventor.	prolific inventor,effect artist,visual effect,sound designer,vehicle designer,architectural designer,american technologist,bran ferren,designer,artist,prolific,ferren,entrepreneur,american,photographer,lecturer,technologist,scientist
The Rees ministry is the 91st ministry of the Government of New South Wales, and was led by the 41st Premier Nathan Rees.	nathan rees,premier nathan,south wales,new south,rees ministry,ministry,wales,south,premier,nathan,rees,government
Janet Milne Rae , usually known as Mrs.	milne rae,janet milne,milne,janet,mrs.
The 1934 San Francisco Dons football team was an American football team that represented the University of San Francisco as an independent during the 1934 college football season.	football team,san francisco,american football,dons football,francisco dons,football season,college football,football,francisco,team,independent,university,college,dons,american,season
Sigmund Rascher was a German SS doctor.	ss doctor,german ss,sigmund rascher,rascher,german,sigmund,doctor
Vakil is a surname.	vakil,surname
Chomp is the second studio album by Athens, Georgia band Pylon, released in 1983.	band pylon,georgia band,studio album,second studio,second,band,studio,georgia,album,athens,chomp,pylon
Abou El Hassen is a town and commune in Abou El Hassan District, Chlef Province, lying on the Mediterranean Sea, northern Algeria.	northern algeria,abou el,mediterranean sea,chlef province,el hassen,hassan district,el hassan,northern,mediterranean,province,chlef,district,town,commune,hassan
Mixmaster Morris is an English ambient DJ and underground musician.	underground musician,ambient dj,english ambient,mixmaster morris,morris,underground,english,ambient,mixmaster,musician
New Town is an unincorporated community in Gordon County, Georgia, United States, located northeast of Calhoun.	united states,gordon county,unincorporated community,new town,town,states,unincorporated,united,community,georgia,gordon,county,calhoun
John Revans was secretary to the English Poor Law Commission and the Royal Commission on the Poorer Classes in Ireland 1833.	poorer classes,royal commission,law commission,poor law,english poor,john revans,commission,revans,classes,secretary,poorer,english,poor,john,ireland
Kalyan Nagar is a sub-village of Sarsa in the Barabanki district.	barabanki district,kalyan nagar,nagar,barabanki,sarsa,village,kalyan,district
A cataplana is an item of cookware used to prepare Portuguese seafood dishes, popular in the country's Algarve region.	algarve region,seafood dish,portuguese seafood,item,algarve,cookware,country,portuguese,popular,seafood,dish,cataplana,region
Flat Rock is a city in Wayne County of the U.S. state of Michigan.	u.s. state,wayne county,flat rock,rock,state,city,u.s.,wayne,county,flat,michigan
Johnny Hoogerland is a former Dutch professional cyclist, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2016 for the Van Hermet–Eurogifts, Jartazi–7Mobile, Van Vliet–EBH Elshof, Vacansoleil–DCM, Androni Giocattoli–Venezuela and Roompot–Oranje Peloton squads.Due to the prominent bull-tattoo on his arm and his roots from the peninsula of Zuid-Beveland he is nicknamed the "Bull of Beveland".	prominent bull,peloton squad,oranje peloton,androni giocattoli,ebh elshof,van vliet,professional cyclist,van hermet,dutch professional,johnny hoogerland,bull,hoogerland,dutch,professional,giocattoli,venezuela,androni,roompot
Lucas Vidal is a two time Goya Awards winner Spanish composer who became the youngest Berklee College of Music student ever to compose and record the score to a feature film with a full orchestra and best known for scores such as Fast & Furious 6.	feature film,music student,berklee college,young berklee,spanish composer,goya awards,time goya,lucas vidal,score,vidal,time,goya,awards,fast,spanish,composer,young,berklee
Delhi: A Novel is a historical novel by Indian writer Khushwant Singh.	khushwant singh,writer khushwant,indian writer,historical novel,novel,khushwant,writer,indian,singh,delhi,historical
The Bayfield River is a river in Huron and Perth Counties in southwestern Ontario, Canada, that empties into Lake Huron at the community of Bayfield in the municipality of Bluewater.	lake huron,southwestern ontario,perth counties,bayfield river,huron,bayfield,river,municipality,ontario,southwestern,canada,counties,empty,perth
James Head is an American mixed martial artist who competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	fighting championship,ultimate fighting,welterweight division,martial artist,mixed martial,american mixed,james head,head,fighting,american,ultimate,mixed,division,martial,welterweight,artist,james
Alice and Ellen Kessler are popular twins in Europe, especially Germany and Italy, from the 1950s and 1960s and until today for their singing, dancing, and acting.	popular twin,ellen kessler,ellen,singing,kessler,today,popular,twin,europe,italy
The 1956–57 season was Port Vale's 45th season of football in the Football League, and their third successive season in the Second Division.	second division,successive season,football league,port vale,season,football,second,vale,port,successive,league,division
Carl Dau , is a German designer.	german designer,carl dau,german,carl,designer
Elinor Dashwood is a fictional character and the protagonist of Jane Austen's novel Sense and Sensibility.	novel sense,jane austen,fictional character,elinor dashwood,dashwood,sense,fictional,novel,character,austen,protagonist,jane,elinor,sensibility
Glen Howard Sturtevant Jr.	sturtevant jr.,howard sturtevant,glen howard,howard,sturtevant,glen
Daminon Teichos , also Daunium or Daunion , was a Greek city in ancient Thrace, located in the region of the Propontis.It is cited in the Periplus of Pseudo-Scylax in its recitation of the towns of the area, appearing between Perinthus and Selymbria.	ancient thrace,greek city,daminon teichos,teichos,perinthus,daunium,area,daunion,town,greek,recitation,city,scylax
The Digger Statue is a heritage-listed memorial at 57 Heeney Street, Chinchilla, Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia.	downs region,western downs,heeney street,digger statue,statue,queensland,heritage,region,memorial,downs,heeney,western,street,chinchilla
The European Community Championship was a professional tennis tournament held from 1982 until 1998 in Antwerp, Belgium.	tennis tournament,professional tennis,community championship,european community,community,antwerp,championship,tournament,professional,tennis,european,belgium
Barry Dunnion is an Irish sportsperson.	irish sportsperson,barry dunnion,dunnion,irish,barry,sportsperson
Janet Burton is professor of medieval history at the University of Wales Trinity Saint David.	saint david,trinity saint,wales trinity,medieval history,janet burton,burton,saint,professor,trinity,medieval,wales,history,university,janet,david
In knitting, a plaited stitch is a single knitted stitch that is twisted clockwise or counterclockwise , usually by one half-turn but sometimes by a full turn or more.	stitch,twisted,clockwise,counterclockwise,half,turn,knitting,single
Dreikanter Head is a dark triangular headland between the mouths of Hunt Glacier and Marston Glacier, on the west side of Granite Harbour, Victoria Land.	victoria land,granite harbour,marston glacier,hunt glacier,triangular headland,dark triangular,dreikanter head,glacier,head,victoria,dark,harbour,triangular,granite,headland,west,mouth
Clystea leucaspis is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.	subfamily arctiinae,clystea leucaspis,leucaspis,subfamily,moth,clystea,arctiinae
Aris T. Allen was an American politician who was the first African-American chair of the Maryland Republican party and the first to run for a statewide office in Maryland.	statewide office,republican party,maryland republican,american chair,american politician,t. allen,aris t.,american,maryland,allen,party,statewide,republican,office,politician,african
Hogan's Alley is a 1984 video game by Nintendo.	alley,game,video,hogan,nintendo
Thierry Benoit is a member of the National Assembly of France.	national assembly,thierry benoit,benoit,assembly,member,national,thierry,france
Matthew Henry was a nonconformist minister and author, born in Wales but spending much of his life in England.	nonconformist minister,matthew henry,henry,life,nonconformist,wales,minister,author,matthew,england
Dalla is a village in Sultanpur Lodhi tehsil in Kapurthala district of Punjab, India.	kapurthala district,lodhi tehsil,sultanpur lodhi,village,punjab,sultanpur,district,lodhi,kapurthala,tehsil,dalla,india
Paal Nilssen-Love is a Norwegian drummer and composer in the jazz and free jazz genres.	jazz genre,free jazz,norwegian drummer,paal nilssen,jazz,nilssen,love,composer,norwegian,drummer,paal,free,genre
Obages palparis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,obage palparis,palparis,family,species,beetle,obage,cerambycidae
David Reed Bromstad is an American designer and television personality.	television personality,american designer,reed bromstad,david reed,reed,television,bromstad,designer,american,david,personality
Zeng Yan , is a Chinese neo-folk musician from Chengdu, Sichuan province.	sichuan province,folk musician,chinese neo,zeng yan,sichuan,chinese,chengdu,musician,folk,zeng,province
Pristimantis fenestratus is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.	family craugastoridae,pristimantis fenestratus,fenestratus,family,species,frog,pristimantis,craugastoridae
Mauricio Alfredo Aubone Cabral is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Ferro De La Pampa currently he plays in the Torneo Federal A .	federal a,la pampa,torneo federal,de la,argentine footballer,ferro de,aubone cabral,alfredo aubone,mauricio alfredo,alfredo,federal,aubone,torneo,cabral,pampa,argentine,footballer
Magna Carta: The Phantom of Avalanche , also known as just Magna Carta , is a role-playing video game developed and published by Softmax for Windows in 2001.	magna carta,video game,carta,softmax,game,video,role,avalanche,magna,phantom,windows
Eduardo Godinho Felipe de Souza , known as Edu Souza, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a striker.	edu souza,de souza,felipe de,godinho felipe,eduardo godinho,souza,godinho,footballer,felipe,brazilian,eduardo,striker
The Journal of Virology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research concerning all aspects of virology.	scientific journal,biweekly peer,journal,virology,peer,biweekly,scientific,research,aspect
Janghai is a major bazaar and gram panchayat in the district of Jaunpur, in Uttar Pradesh.	uttar pradesh,gram panchayat,major bazaar,major,uttar,bazaar,jaunpur,gram,district,panchayat,janghai,pradesh
Stand Strong Aotearoa is a compilation album released in 1991 by recording label, Festival Music.	festival music,compilation album,strong aotearoa,aotearoa,festival,compilation,label,album,strong,music
The 2015 Military Bowl was a post-season American college football bowl game played on December 28, 2015 at Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in Annapolis, Maryland.	memorial stadium,bowl game,corps memorial,marine corps,football bowl,college football,american college,season american,military bowl,bowl,annapolis,stadium,memorial,corps,marine,navy,december,american,season
Žurkov Dol ) is a settlement in the hills above Sevnica in central Slovenia.	central slovenia,žurkov dol,central,settlement,sevnica,hill,žurkov,slovenia
The fougaro system is a sub-organelle system in the nucleus to recycle or remove molecules from the cell to the external medium.	external medium,organelle system,fougaro system,system,external,cell,molecule,nucleus,organelle,medium,fougaro
Marc H. Simon is a filmmaker and entertainment attorney.	entertainment attorney,h. simon,marc h.,entertainment,simon,filmmaker,marc,attorney
Tetrabromoauric acid is an inorganic compound with the formula HAuBr4.	inorganic compound,tetrabromoauric acid,acid,formula,inorganic,compound,tetrabromoauric
The 2003 Ordina Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts in 's-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands that was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour.	wta tour,tier iii,atp tour,grass court,international series,tennis tournament,ordina open,tour,open,tennis,tournament,grass,court,hertogenbosch,netherlands,international,series
John-Henry Butterworth is an English screenwriter who has co-written several screenplays with his brother Jez Butterworth.	jez butterworth,brother jez,english screenwriter,henry butterworth,butterworth,henry,screenplay,screenwriter,brother,english,john
Bancroft is a small, bowl-shaped impact crater located to the southwest of Archimedes on the Mare Imbrium.	mare imbrium,impact crater,small,mare,bowl,archimedes,impact,southwest,crater,bancroft,imbrium
Sobków-Nida is a colony in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	central poland,świętokrzyskie voivodeship,jędrzejów county,gmina sobków,administrative district,sobków,central,south,voivodeship,świętokrzyskie,county,administrative,colony,district,jędrzejów
Athletes from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria.	winter olympics,federal republic,socialist federal,socialist,innsbruck,federal,olympics,republic,winter,yugoslavia,athlete,austria
Zalaistvánd is a village in Zala County, Hungary.	village,county,zala,zalaistvánd,hungary
Rokometni klub Zagorje , commonly referred to as RK Zagorje or simply Zagorje, is a women's handball club from Zagorje ob Savi, Slovenia.	handball club,rk zagorje,klub zagorje,rokometni klub,zagorje,klub,savi,handball,woman,club,rokometni,slovenia
Mount Pinacle is a mountain located in Coaticook, Quebec Canada.	quebec canada,mount pinacle,pinacle,quebec,mountain,coaticook,mount,canada
The CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game is an annual event in which forty of the top NHL Entry Draft eligible prospects in the Canadian Hockey League play against each other in an all-star game environment.	game environment,league play,star game,hockey league,eligible prospect,canadian hockey,draft eligible,entry draft,annual event,prospects game,game,canadian,prospect,hockey,eligible,league,draft,play,entry
Modern Love is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Matt Nathanson.	matt nathanson,songwriter matt,american singer,studio album,seventh studio,modern love,love,matt,seventh,songwriter,studio,singer,album,american,modern,nathanson
John Armleder is a Swiss performance artist, painter, sculptor, critic, and curator.	performance artist,swiss performance,john armleder,armleder,critic,swiss,sculptor,performance,painter,artist,john,curator
Straight man cancer is a Chinese neologism for a group of men who are stubbornly sexist.	chinese neologism,man cancer,straight man,chinese,neologism,cancer,group,straight,sexist
The Viper's Bugloss is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.	bugloss,family,species,moth,viper,noctuidae
The Homewood Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh is a library in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	carnegie library,homewood branch,branch,pittsburgh,carnegie,library,homewood,pennsylvania
The Castle Szidonia, or Szidónia Manor House, is a 17th-century castle that operates today as a 4-star spa hotel.	spa hotel,century castle,manor house,szidónia manor,castle szidonia,castle,today,manor,house,szidónia,szidonia,century
The American Flag: Two Centuries of Concord and Conflict is a non-fiction book by respected flag historians Howard M. Madaus and Whitney Smith.	whitney smith,m. madaus,howard m.,historian howard,flag historian,respected flag,fiction book,american flag,flag,whitney,madaus,howard,conflict,fiction,concord,book
The International Subarachnoid Aneurysm Trial was a large multicentre, prospective randomised clinical medical trial, comparing the safety and efficacy of endovascular coil treatment and surgical clipping for the treatment of brain aneurysms.	brain aneurysm,surgical clipping,coil treatment,medical trial,endovascular coil,clinical medical,large multicentre,aneurysm trial,subarachnoid aneurysm,international subarachnoid,trial,treatment,aneurysm,subarachnoid,prospective,multicentre,clinical,efficacy,endovascular,large
Europhenome is a resource for presenting, searching and analysing mouse phenotypes that were revealed by high throughput mouse phenotyping programmes such as EUMODIC.	throughput mouse,high throughput,mouse phenotype,analysing mouse,mouse,resource,programme,analysing,high,phenotype,throughput,europhenome,eumodic
The EuroPhenome project provides access to raw and annotated mouse phenotyping data generated from primary pipelines such as EMPReSSlim and secondary procedures from specialist centres.	specialist centre,secondary procedure,primary pipeline,annotated mouse,europhenome project,project,specialist,access,procedure,secondary,annotated,empresslim,mouse,pipeline
The World Short Track Speed Skating Championships are a senior international short track speed skating competition held once a year to determine the World Champion in individual distances, relays and Overall Classification.	short track,track speed,speed skating,overall classification,skating championships,individual distance,senior international,international short,world champion,skating competition,skating,world,short,overall,relay,distance,individual,champion,senior,championships
Bao Shichen (Chinese: 包世臣；1775—1855）was a calligrapher and reformist scholar in the early nineteenth century.	nineteenth century,early nineteenth,reformist scholar,bao shichen,shichen,nineteenth,chinese,early,calligrapher,scholar,reformist,century
The Prime minister of Rwenzururu, known locally as the omulerembera, is the highest administrative post within the government of the Kingdom of Rwenzururu in Uganda.	administrative post,high administrative,prime minister,rwenzururu,minister,administrative,post,high,government,omulerembera,kingdom,prime,uganda
The 1780 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and fall in 1780.	hurricane season,atlantic hurricane,hurricane,summer,season,atlantic,fall
Special Dead is a 2006 American zombie comedy film directed by Thomas L. Phillips and Sean Simmons, written by Jared Tweedie, and starring Jason Brubaker, Amy Wade, Gia Natale, Anthony Rutowicz, and Haneka Haynes.	haneka haynes,anthony rutowicz,gia natale,amy wade,jason brubaker,jared tweedie,sean simmons,l. phillips,thomas l.,comedy film,dead,haneka,american,rutowicz,zombie,anthony,comedy,natale,film
The year 1563 in art involved some significant events and new works.	new work,significant event,significant,event,year,work
Wycliffe Kiyingi was a Ugandan playwright whose plays influenced the free travelling theatre at Makerere University in the mid-1960s.	makerere university,ugandan playwright,wycliffe kiyingi,kiyingi,university,ugandan,makerere,playwright,theatre,play,free,wycliffe
Trout Creek is a hamlet within the town of Tompkins in Delaware County, New York, United States.	united states,new york,delaware county,trout creek,creek,united,hamlet,york,town,tompkins,county,delaware,trout
The Isle of Man and Liverpool Bank was a bank in the British Crown dependency of the Isle of Man, providing private and business banking services to the local population.	local population,banking service,crown dependency,business banking,british crown,liverpool bank,bank,local,service,banking,business,private,dependency,crown,isle
The West Point Grade School is a historic former school on East 3300 South in the village of West Point in Gooding County near Wendell, Idaho.	west point,grade school,point grade,gooding county,school,point,wendell,county,gooding,south,east,village,west,grade
ROOP is a multiparadigm programming language targeted at AI applications created at the Chengdu University of China.	chengdu university,ai application,programming language,multiparadigm programming,multiparadigm,university,programming,chengdu,language,application,roop,china
NGC 394 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.	constellation pisce,lenticular galaxy,lenticular,constellation,galaxy,pisce
Amma Makkal Munnetra Kazhagam  is an Indian Political party in the state of Tamil Nadu and in the union territory of Puducherry.	union territory,tamil nadu,political party,indian political,munnetra kazhagam,makkal munnetra,amma makkal,makkal,territory,munnetra,union,kazhagam,nadu,indian,tamil,political,state
Interleukin 12  is an interleukin that is naturally produced by dendritic cells, macrophages, neutrophils, and human B-lymphoblastoid cells in response to antigenic stimulation.	antigenic stimulation,lymphoblastoid cell,human b,dendritic cell,cell,antigenic,response,human,neutrophil,interleukin,macrophage,lymphoblastoid,dendritic
Isobel Campbell is a Scottish singer-songwriter, cellist and composer.	scottish singer,isobel campbell,campbell,cellist,scottish,songwriter,singer,isobel,composer
Cheech & Chong are a Grammy Award–winning comedy duo consisting of Richard "Cheech" Marin and Tommy Chong.	tommy chong,comedy duo,grammy award,cheech,chong,comedy,award,grammy,richard,marin,tommy
The Priory of Our Lady of Graces, known locally as the North Abbey, was a 13th-century Irish Dominican monastery situated north of Youghal, County Cork.	county cork,dominican monastery,irish dominican,century irish,north abbey,-PRON- lady,-PRON-,county,lady,youghal,graces,monastery,north,dominican,abbey,irish
Ștefan Gheorghe Nicolau was a Romanian physician, dermato-venerologist.	romanian physician,gheorghe nicolau,ștefan gheorghe,gheorghe,dermato,nicolau,physician,romanian,ștefan,venerologist
Philadelphia International Airport has four train stations that serve the airport's six terminals.	train station,international airport,philadelphia international,airport,international,train,station,philadelphia,terminal
The Anhui musk deer is an endangered species of musk deer that is endemic to the Dabie Mountains of western Anhui province, China.	musk deer,anhui province,western anhui,dabie mountains,anhui musk,anhui,deer,musk,province,mountains,dabie,western,endemic,species,china
Carmen Victoria Felix Chaidez is a scientist, engineer and first Mexican to work on simulations for future Mars missions with space analogues.	space analogue,mars mission,felix chaidez,future mars,victoria felix,carmen victoria,victoria,space,felix,mission,chaidez,mars,scientist,future,engineer,simulation
The women's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay competition at the 1999 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 26 at the Sydney International Aquatic Centre.	aquatic centre,swimming championships,international aquatic,sydney international,pacific swimming,pan pacific,relay competition,freestyle relay,metre freestyle,aquatic,metre,international,freestyle,sydney,relay,august,competition,place
Dr Vera Juarez is a fictional character in the science fiction series Torchwood, portrayed by American actor Arlene Tur.	arlene tur,actor arlene,series torchwood,american actor,fiction series,science fiction,fictional character,vera juarez,dr vera,vera,arlene,juarez,actor,fictional,american,character,torchwood,science,series
The Wibbly Wobbly Wonder is an ice cream on a stick popular in Ireland in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.	stick popular,ice cream,wobbly wonder,wibbly wobbly,wobbly,wonder,ireland,cream,popular,stick,wibbly
Lakadiya or Lakadia is a village in Bhachau Taluka of Kutch district of Gujarat, India.	kutch district,bhachau taluka,lakadia,gujarat,village,district,bhachau,kutch,taluka,lakadiya,india
Sabal yapa is a species of palm.	yapa,species,sabal,palm
The Turks of the Dodecanese are a community of 2,000 Turkish-speaking people and ethnic Turks living on the Dodecanese islands of Rhodes and Kos who were not affected by the 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey, since the islands were under the rule of the Kingdom of Italy at the time .	population exchange,dodecanese island,ethnic turks,island,dodecanese,italy,kingdom,population,exchange,people,rule,greece
JWH-015 is a chemical from the naphthoylindole family that acts as a subtype-selective cannabinoid agonist.	cannabinoid agonist,selective cannabinoid,naphthoylindole family,chemical,cannabinoid,naphthoylindole,selective,family,subtype,agonist
Juan Bautista Vert Carbonell was a Valencian composer of Spanish zarzuelas.	spanish zarzuelas,valencian composer,vert carbonell,bautista vert,juan bautista,bautista,spanish,vert,composer,carbonell,valencian,juan,zarzuelas
The People's Co-op Building at 151 E. State St.	state st.,e. state,op building,state,building,people
Allan Briggs is a Melbourne based crisis communication expert.	communication expert,crisis communication,allan briggs,briggs,communication,melbourne,crisis,allan,expert
In enzymology, a glycerol-3-phosphate cytidylyltransferase is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction	chemical reaction,chemical,cytidylyltransferase,enzyme,enzymology,reaction
Langrian is a village in Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India.	punjab state,jalandhar district,village,state,jalandhar,punjab,district,langrian,india
Sweet Oak Branch is a stream in Knox County in the U.S. state of Missouri.Sweet Oak Branch was named for the sweet oak timber near its course.	sweet oak,oak branch,knox county,u.s. state,oak timber,sweet,branch,timber,county,u.s.,knox,state,stream,missouri
The Norwich AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League.	football league,young player,australian football,star award,standout young,rising star,afl rising,norwich afl,football,rising,australian,star,player,award,young,standout,norwich
Gary Mel Hein is a former American rugby union player.	union player,rugby union,american rugby,mel hein,gary mel,union,hein,rugby,american,gary,player
Augustenborg Palace is a Rococo-style palace in the southwestern part of Augustenborg, Als Island, Denmark, overlooking Augustenborg Fjord.	augustenborg fjord,als island,style palace,augustenborg palace,augustenborg,palace,island,denmark,rococo,style,southwestern,fjord
Divi Divi Air N.V. is a small regional service airline in Curaçao.	service airline,regional service,air n.v.,small regional,divi air,divi divi,airline,service,regional,small,n.v.,divi,curaçao
Moiron is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.	eastern france,jura department,commune,eastern,jura,comté,department,franche,moiron,france
Odd Lauritz Fosseidbråten is a Norwegian civil servant and diplomat.	civil servant,norwegian civil,lauritz fosseidbråten,odd lauritz,lauritz,servant,fosseidbråten,civil,norwegian,diplomat
Bicester BISS-tər) is a town and civil parish in the Cherwell district of northeastern Oxfordshire in England.	northeastern oxfordshire,cherwell district,civil parish,bicester biss,biss,oxfordshire,northeastern,town,district,civil,cherwell,parish,bicester
Santo António is a settlement in the western part of the island of Fogo, Cape Verde.	cape verde,santo antónio,antónio,cape,settlement,fogo,western,island,santo,verde
USS Flirt was a schooner of the United States Navy, in commission from 1839 until 1850, which saw service in the Second Seminole War and the Mexican–American War before being sold into commercial service.	commercial service,american war,seminole war,states navy,second seminole,united states,uss flirt,service,flirt,schooner,united,states,navy,commission,second,seminole
Priyanka Gandhi , also known by her married name Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, is an Indian politician who is currently serving as general secretary of the AICC in charge of eastern Uttar Pradesh.	uttar pradesh,priyanka gandhi,eastern uttar,general secretary,indian politician,gandhi vadra,gandhi,uttar,eastern,charge,aicc,secretary,general,politician,indian,vadra
Bellechaume is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.	central france,yonne department,commune,central,yonne,north,department,comté,bourgogne,franche,bellechaume,france
Amemasu or Ō-amemasu is a giant whale- or fish-like creature from Ainu folklore.	ainu folklore,like creature,giant whale-,amemasu,ainu,giant,creature,whale-,like,fish,folklore
Phyllonorycter mariaeella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae.	family gracillariidae,phyllonorycter mariaeella,mariaeella,family,moth,phyllonorycter,gracillariidae
Anna Ellinor Eriksson is a Swedish Social Democratic politician who was leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Youth League from 2014 to 2015.	social democratic,swedish social,democratic politician,youth league,democratic youth,ellinor eriksson,anna ellinor,democratic,swedish,ellinor,youth,eriksson,politician,leader,social,anna,league
1804 Chebotarev, provisional designation 1967 GG, is a stony asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 10 kilometers in diameter.	asteroid belt,inner region,stony asteroid,provisional designation,asteroid,provisional,kilometer,designation,belt,stony,inner,region,chebotarev
M-168 was one of the shortest state trunkline highways in the US state of Michigan, extending 0.953 miles from a junction with M-22 in downtown Elberta to the former Ann Arbor Railroad ferry docks.	ferry dock,railroad ferry,arbor railroad,us state,downtown elberta,ann arbor,trunkline highway,state trunkline,short state,state,ferry,railroad,arbor,short,elberta,downtown,junction
An aromatic ring current is an effect observed in aromatic molecules such as benzene and naphthalene.	aromatic molecule,ring current,aromatic ring,aromatic,benzene,molecule,current,ring,effect,naphthalene
Troy Town is an unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia.	west virginia,logan county,unincorporated community,troy town,town,west,unincorporated,county,community,logan,troy,virginia
Eleanor Winifred Worthington Cox is a British former child actress from Merseyside most known for portraying Matilda Wormwood in Matilda the Musical for which she won a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress, and Janet Hodgson in The Enfield Haunting, for which she received a British Academy Television Award nomination.	award nomination,television award,enfield haunting,academy television,janet hodgson,british academy,best actress,olivier award,matilda wormwood,child actress,award,british,actress,matilda,winifred,worthington,musical,laurence,enfield
Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Michael Conolly Abel Smith,  was a Royal Navy officer who served during the First and Second World Wars.	world wars,navy officer,second world,abel smith,royal navy,conolly abel,michael conolly,edward michael,sir edward,admiral sir,admiral,world,second,edward,first,michael,officer,conolly,navy
Cathy Silvers  is an American actress and author, and the daughter of actress Evelyn Patrick and actor/comedian Phil Silvers.	phil silvers,comedian phil,evelyn patrick,actress evelyn,american actress,cathy silvers,actress,silvers,comedian,actor,phil,patrick,evelyn,american,author,daughter
Calla Records was a small, New York City-based independent black owned Soul record label run by Nate McCalla and active from approximately 1965 to 1977.	nate mccalla,record label,soul record,independent black,york city,new york,calla records,records,mccalla,small,nate,label,york,record,city,soul
The Gandhi Murder is a 2018 British-Indian historical political thriller film directed by Karim Traïdia and Pankaj Sehgal.	pankaj sehgal,karim traïdia,thriller film,political thriller,historical political,indian historical,gandhi murder,murder,pankaj,british,traïdia,indian,karim,historical,film,political,thriller
The Royal Navy's Submarine Parachute Assistance Group is a team who provide a rescue support capability to submarine sinking incidents worldwide, available at short notice.	short notice,support capability,assistance group,rescue support,parachute assistance,submarine parachute,royal navy,navy,short,submarine,available,parachute,incident,assistance,capability,group,support
Bob Lively was an American jazz saxophonist who flourished during the 1940s swing era.	swing era,jazz saxophonist,american jazz,bob lively,lively,swing,american,saxophonist,jazz
Leicester was a parliamentary borough in Leicestershire, which elected two members of parliament to the House of Commons from 1295 until 1918, when it was split into three single-member divisions.	member division,parliamentary borough,member,parliamentary,borough,leicestershire,house,commons,parliament,single,leicester,division
The Goldfish class remotely operated underwater vehicle is a class of light ROUV developed by the Shenyang Institute of Automation of the Chinese Academy of Science.	chinese academy,shenyang institute,light rouv,underwater vehicle,goldfish class,class,academy,chinese,automation,institute,shenyang,rouv,light,underwater,vehicle
A rechargeable calling card is a type of telephone card that the user can "recharge" or "top up" by adding money when the balance gets below a nominated amount.	card,money,user,type,telephone,balance,rechargeable
Naghan-e Sofla is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	bakhtiari province,lordegan county,central district,rural district,milas rural,e sofla,district,province,sofla,bakhtiari,village,chaharmahal,milas,county,rural
Keiichi Ishizaka was a Japanese music industry executive who was the chairman of Recording Industry Association of Japan.	industry association,industry executive,recording industry,music industry,japanese music,keiichi ishizaka,industry,ishizaka,japanese,association,music,chairman,executive,recording,keiichi,japan
Jake Stephen Gray is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for League Two club Yeovil Town.	yeovil town,professional footballer,club yeovil,english professional,stephen gray,jake stephen,stephen,yeovil,gray,club,english,league,professional,midfielder,footballer,jake
The Casterton News is an English language newspaper published weekly in the town of Casterton, Victoria, Australia.	language newspaper,english language,casterton news,casterton,victoria,language,english,newspaper,news,town,australia
The history of vigilante justice and the Montana Vigilantes began in 1863 in what was at the time a remote part of eastern Idaho Territory.	idaho territory,eastern idaho,montana vigilantes,vigilante justice,vigilante,idaho,justice,eastern,montana,remote,vigilantes,time,history,territory
Alanna Heiss is the Founder and Director of Clocktower Productions, a non profit arts organization, online radio station, and program partnership with six cultural institutions in three boroughs in New York.	new york,cultural institution,program partnership,radio station,online radio,art organization,profit art,non profit,clocktower productions,alanna heiss,heiss,founder,borough,director,institution,clocktower,cultural,productions,partnership
Echoes of War is a 2015 American psychological thriller film written by Kane Senes and John Chriss and directed by Kane Senes.	kane senes,john chriss,thriller film,psychological thriller,american psychological,kane,american,psychological,thriller,film,john,senes,chriss,echoes
Her Name in Lights are an indie pop band led by Mary Wyer on lead vocals with her husband Almond Cafarella on guitar and piano, as well as Simon Holmes of The Hummingbirds on multiple instruments and Simon Gibson of Sneeze on drums.	simon gibson,multiple instrument,almond cafarella,simon holmes,husband almond,lead vocal,mary wyer,pop band,indie pop,-PRON- name,simon,name,sneeze,lights,indie,band,mary,wyer,lead
Weishampel, David B.; Dodson, Peter; and Osmólska, Halszka : The Dinosauria, 2nd, Berkeley: University of California Press.	california press,david b.,david,california,university,dodson,berkeley,peter,osmólska,dinosauria
Frank Parker Crosse MC was a British soldier and Church of England clergyman who became Dean of Grahamstown in South Africa, and was styled The Very Reverend Frank Crosse.	frank crosse,reverend frank,south africa,england clergyman,very reverend,british soldier,crosse mc,parker crosse,frank parker,frank,crosse,clergyman,dean,england,grahamstown,church,south,soldier,africa
This is a list of Rajput clans of Uttar Pradesh.	uttar pradesh,rajput clan,rajput,uttar,clan,list,pradesh
The 2004 Big Ten Conference football season was the 109th season for the Big Ten Conference.	big ten,ten conference,football season,conference football,season,conference,football
Entries in this chronological list of Muslim military leaders are accompanied by dates of birth and death, branch of Islam, country of birth, field of study, campaigns fought and a short biographical description.	biographical description,military leader,short biographical,muslim military,chronological list,birth,chronological,biographical,list,short,muslim,campaign,military,study,leader
Katlijne Van der Stighelen is a Belgian art historian.	art historian,belgian art,katlijne van,stighelen,belgian,katlijne,historian
Germán Saúl Sánchez Sánchez is a Mexican diver.	mexican diver,sánchez sánchez,saúl sánchez,germán saúl,sánchez,saúl,mexican,germán,diver
Acetylene is the chemical compound with the formula C2H2.	chemical compound,chemical,formula,compound,acetylene
Harald Nævdal , known by his stage names Demonaz Doom Occulta and Demonaz, is a Norwegian musician best known as the founding guitarist and chief lyricist for the black metal band Immortal.	band immortal,metal band,chief lyricist,black metal,founding guitarist,doom occulta,norwegian musician,demonaz doom,name demonaz,stage name,demonaz,band,nævdal,metal,black,stage,lyricist,chief,guitarist,founding
Charles Humphrey , was an American lawyer and politician who served as United States Representative from New York.	new york,states representative,united states,american lawyer,charles humphrey,humphrey,american,representative,lawyer,states,politician,united,charles,york
Swoboda  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	central poland,poland voivodeship,greater poland,chodzież county,gmina szamocin,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,szamocin,chodzież,county,greater,west
The Calgary Bronks were a professional Canadian football team based in Calgary, Alberta, that competed in the Alberta Rugby Football Union in 1935 and the Western Interprovincial Football Union from 1936 and 1940.	football union,interprovincial football,western interprovincial,football team,rugby football,alberta rugby,canadian football,professional canadian,calgary bronks,football,calgary,alberta,professional,western,bronks,canadian,union,interprovincial,team
Sri Lanka's Got Talent is a Sri Lankan television talent show which started in 2017 and originated from the Got Talent franchise.	got talent,television talent,lankan television,sri lankan,talent franchise,talent,television,lanka,lankan,franchise
Mucho Azúcar – Grandes Éxitos is a greatest hits album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on Sony International in 1997.	sony international,azúcar moreno,duo azúcar,spanish duo,hit album,great hit,grandes éxitos,mucho azúcar,azúcar,sony,moreno,great,album,éxitos,spanish,grandes
Montgomery is a town in Barr Township, Daviess County, Indiana, United States.	united states,daviess county,barr township,town,united,barr,indiana,township,county,daviess,montgomery,states
Kakalia is a settlement in Kenya's Eastern Province.	settlement,eastern,kenya,kakalia,province
Saeristavo , in historical and scientific literature with this term is defined a territorial unit in old Georgia, which was ruled by Eristavi.	old georgia,territorial unit,scientific literature,historical,georgia,scientific,literature,unit,term,territorial,saeristavo,eristavi
Fanol Përdedaj is a professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for German club 1.	german club,defensive midfielder,professional footballer,fanol përdedaj,përdedaj,german,professional,midfielder,footballer,defensive,fanol,club
Thomas Conrad Hoefling is an American activist and politician.	american activist,conrad hoefling,thomas conrad,conrad,activist,hoefling,american,thomas,politician
Shobhana Narasimhan is a Professor of Theoretical Sciences and Dean of Academic Affairs at the Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research in Bangalore, India.	scientific research,advanced scientific,nehru centre,jawaharlal nehru,academic affairs,theoretical sciences,shobhana narasimhan,narasimhan,bangalore,professor,research,theoretical,scientific,sciences,advanced,dean,centre
The one-off, experimental Czerwiński CW IV was a Polish high performance glider and the nation's first two-seater.	performance glider,high performance,polish high,cw iv,czerwiński cw,experimental czerwiński,czerwiński,nation,glider,performance,polish,high,experimental,seater
The canton of Montpellier - Castelnau-le-Lez is an administrative division of the Hérault department, southern France.	southern france,hérault department,administrative division,montpellier,southern,castelnau,department,hérault,division,administrative,canton
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalay is a diocese of the Catholic Church in Burma.	catholic church,catholic diocese,roman catholic,catholic,diocese,church,kalay,burma,roman
Edison Courts is a Miami-Dade 345-unit public housing apartment complex just west of the Little Haiti neighborhood of Miami, Florida.	haiti neighborhood,little haiti,apartment complex,housing apartment,public housing,edison courts,miami,courts,apartment,complex,housing,little,public,haiti,dade,neighborhood
North Warwickshire is a local government district and borough in Warwickshire, England.	government district,local government,north warwickshire,warwickshire,government,district,local,borough,north,england
Jaroslav Volek was a Czech musicologist, semiotician who developed a theory of modal music.	modal music,czech musicologist,jaroslav volek,volek,modal,czech,theory,musicologist,semiotician,jaroslav,music
Thomas Branigan Memorial Library; often referred to as simply "Branigan", is the public library serving Las Cruces, New Mexico.	new mexico,las cruces,memorial library,public library,branigan memorial,thomas branigan,branigan,library,cruces,memorial,public,mexico,thomas
Randy Steven Kraft is an American serial killer known as the Scorecard Killer, the Southern California Strangler and the Freeway Killer who murdered a minimum of 16 young men between 1972 and 1983, the majority of which had been committed in California.	young man,freeway killer,california strangler,southern california,scorecard killer,serial killer,american serial,steven kraft,randy steven,killer,california,steven,kraft,american,serial,young,majority,minimum
Dip coating is an industrial coating process which is used, for example, to manufacture bulk products such as coated fabrics and condoms and specialized coatings for example in the biomedical field.	biomedical field,specialized coating,coated fabric,bulk product,coating process,industrial coating,coating,example,industrial,biomedical,coated,fabric,product,condom,bulk,specialized
Karhu is a Finnish surname, meaning bear in Finnish.	finnish,surname,bear,karhu
Daniel Britton was an English cricketer.	english cricketer,daniel britton,britton,english,daniel,cricketer
The Bristol Hotel was a luxury hotel in Mar del Plata, Argentina.	del plata,mar del,luxury hotel,bristol hotel,hotel,plata,argentina,bristol,luxury
Pedro Colón Osorio is a Puerto Rican politician and former mayor of Ceiba, Puerto Rico.	puerto rico,rican politician,puerto rican,colón osorio,pedro colón,puerto,colón,osorio,politician,mayor,rican,ceiba,pedro,rico
Guanwen  courtesy name Xiufeng , was a Manchu official, Grand Secretariat, military general, Viceroy of Zhili, Huguan and commander of the Army Group Central Plain during the late Qing Dynasty in China.	qing dynasty,late qing,central plain,group central,military general,army group,grand secretariat,manchu official,courtesy,dynasty,xiufeng,qing,manchu,late,official,plain,grand,central
The 1994 Amaroo Park ATCC round was the first round of the 1994 Australian Touring Car Championship.	car championship,touring car,atcc round,australian touring,park atcc,amaroo park,round,park,touring,atcc,australian,championship,amaroo
Devin Tyler is an American football offensive lineman who is a free agent.	free agent,offensive lineman,football offensive,american football,devin tyler,tyler,free,american,lineman,football,offensive,devin,agent
Elizabeth J. Braswell, often known as Liz Braswell, is an English-born American writer of young adult fiction.	adult fiction,young adult,american writer,liz braswell,j. braswell,elizabeth j.,braswell,adult,young,writer,american,english,fiction,elizabeth
Phyllaplysia taylori, synonym Phyllaplysia zostericola, common names the "eelgrass sea hare" and "Taylor's sea hare", is a species of sea slug, specifically a sea hare, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	sea hare,sea slug,marine gastropod,gastropod mollusk,family aplysiidae,eelgrass sea,common name,phyllaplysia taylori,hare,phyllaplysia,common,name,mollusk,family,gastropod,eelgrass,aplysiidae
The "Anthem of Krajna" is a song whose lyrics were written by Paweł Jasiek.	krajna,paweł,song,lyric,anthem,jasiek
The Black Album/Come On Feel The Dandy Warhols is a 2004 double album released by American alternative band, The Dandy Warhols.	dandy warhols,double album,alternative band,american alternative,black album,album,dandy,alternative,american,band,double,warhols,feel,black
Chionanthus callophylloides grows as a tree up to 13 metres tall, with a trunk diameter of up to 25 centimetres .	trunk diameter,metre tall,tree,diameter,metre,trunk,tall,chionanthus,centimetre
Edinburgh South is a constituency of the House of Commons of the UK Parliament created in 1885.	uk parliament,edinburgh south,south,constituency,commons,house,edinburgh,parliament
R. Nagarathnamma was an Indian theatre personality and the founder of Stree Nataka Mandali, an all-women theatre group based in Bengaluru.	theatre group,nataka mandali,woman theatre,stree nataka,theatre personality,indian theatre,r. nagarathnamma,theatre,nagarathnamma,group,indian,stree,nataka,founder,mandali,personality,woman
Glorious Results of a Misspent Youth is the fourth studio album by Joan Jett and the third to feature her backing band The Blackhearts.	backing band,joan jett,studio album,fourth studio,misspent youth,glorious result,result,band,misspent,backing,youth,jett,fourth,joan,studio,album
Mike Teunissen is a Dutch racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Team Jumbo–Visma.	team jumbo,worldteam team,racing cyclist,uci worldteam,dutch racing,mike teunissen,teunissen,jumbo,dutch,team,racing,worldteam,cyclist,mike,visma
Zygogramma tortuosa, the ambrosia leaf beetle, is a species of leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae.	leaf beetle,family chrysomelidae,ambrosia leaf,zygogramma tortuosa,beetle,leaf,tortuosa,family,ambrosia,species,zygogramma,chrysomelidae
David Richard Ellis was an American film director and stunt performer born in Santa Monica, California in 1952.	santa monica,stunt performer,film director,american film,richard ellis,david richard,richard,monica,ellis,santa,american,performer,film,stunt,director,david
Krasówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	eastern poland,lublin voivodeship,podlaska county,biała podlaska,gmina łomazy,administrative district,village,eastern,administrative,voivodeship,district,lublin,gmina,county,łomazy,podlaska
Maryna Bazhanova is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,unified team,soviet union,handball player,maryna bazhanova,summer,bazhanova,ukrainian,handball,player,soviet,union,unified,olympics,team
Philimon Chipeta , sometimes spelled Philimon Chepita is a Zambian football striker who is currently unattached.	football striker,zambian football,philimon chepita,philimon chipeta,philimon,striker,chepita,football,zambian,chipeta,unattached
Gustav Adolf Michaelis was a German obstetrician who was a native of Kiel.	german obstetrician,adolf michaelis,michaelis,native,german,obstetrician,adolf,kiel
William Shine is a former White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Communications in the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump.	donald trump,president donald,deputy chief,u.s. president,house deputy,white house,william shine,shine,donald,white,president,house,u.s.,deputy,administration,chief,communications
Delisa Walton-Floyd is a former World-Class middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres; she was a two-time National Collegiate champion, and two-time U.S. Open champion in her event.	open champion,u.s. open,collegiate champion,time u.s.,distance runner,national collegiate,time national,middle distance,class middle,delisa walton,champion,time,walton,floyd,world,class,middle,distance,runner,metre
Fabrice Metz is a French professional rugby union player.	union player,rugby union,professional rugby,french professional,fabrice metz,metz,union,french,rugby,professional,fabrice,player
Sweden competed at the 2018 European Championships in Berlin, Germany; and Glasgow, United Kingdom from 2 to 12 August 2018 in 7 sports.	united kingdom,european championships,european,august,championships,kingdom,berlin,united,germany,glasgow,sweden,sport
Pavle Vujević was a Serbian geographer and meteorologist, professor of climatology, meteorology, and mathematical geography at the University of Belgrade.	mathematical geography,serbian geographer,pavle vujević,vujević,university,serbian,geography,geographer,mathematical,meteorologist,meteorology,professor,climatology
The bust of Thomas Baker is a 1638 marble portrait sculpture created by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini, with much of the bust undertaken by a pupil of Bernini, probably Andrea Bolgi.	andrea bolgi,lorenzo bernini,gian lorenzo,artist gian,italian artist,portrait sculpture,marble portrait,thomas baker,bernini,bust,andrea,sculpture,italian,portrait,artist,marble,gian,baker
The Philippine Chung Hua School is located at 3217 Reposo Street, Santa Mesa, Manila, Philippines.	santa mesa,reposo street,hua school,chung hua,philippine chung,chung,manila,mesa,school,santa,reposo,street,philippine,philippines
Bletia purpurea, common name pine-pink or sharp-petaled bletia, is a species of orchid widespread across much of Latin America and the West Indies, and also found in Florida.	west indies,latin america,orchid widespread,petaled bletia,bletia purpurea,bletia,indies,west,america,latin,widespread,orchid,pine,common,pink
A flue-gas stack is a type of chimney, a vertical pipe, channel or similar structure through which combustion product gases called flue gases are exhausted to the outside air.	outside air,flue gas,product gas,combustion product,similar structure,vertical pipe,gas stack,outside,pipe,channel,vertical,similar,chimney,structure,type,combustion
Aiken Winter Colony Historic District I, is located in Aiken, South Carolina, It is noteworthy in that it is viewed as the district most closely identified with the history of the Aiken Winter Colony.	winter colony,aiken winter,historic district,colony historic,south carolina,aiken,district,colony,carolina,winter,historic,south,noteworthy,history
Þórdís Kolbrún Reykfjörð Gylfadóttir is an Icelandic politician and lawyer serving as the current Minister of Tourism, Industry and Innovation of Iceland.	current minister,icelandic politician,reykfjörð gylfadóttir,kolbrún reykfjörð,þórdís kolbrún,kolbrún,innovation,reykfjörð,industry,gylfadóttir,tourism,icelandic,minister,politician,current
Efosa Egwakun is a Nigerian football player, who plays for Hatta Club in the United Arab Emirates Division 2 Group B, on loan from Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club CS Constantine.	cs constantine,club cs,ligue professionnelle,group b,algerian ligue,emirates division,arab emirates,united arab,football player,hatta club,club,egwakun,nigerian,football,player,group,division,loan
Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde were the defending champions but did not compete that year.	mark woodforde,todd woodbridge,woodbridge,champion,mark,woodforde,todd,year
The San Juan Teacherage is a teacherage near Sherman, New Mexico.	new mexico,juan teacherage,san juan,teacherage,juan,sherman,mexico
Beaverdam Brook is a tributary of Lawrence Brook in central East Brunswick, New Jersey in the United States.	united states,new jersey,east brunswick,central east,lawrence brook,beaverdam brook,brook,united,jersey,brunswick,east,central,tributary,lawrence,states
Negan is a fictional character in the comic book series The Walking Dead and in the television series of the same name.	television series,walking dead,book series,comic book,fictional character,series,fictional,character,comic,book,dead,walking,television,negan
Males make up just under half of the total Australian population of 23 million.	australian population,total australian,half,australian,total,male,population
Bonnya is a village in Somogy county, Hungary.	village,county,somogy,bonnya,hungary
The following television stations broadcast on digital channel 8 in the United States:	united states,digital channel,television station,station,united,digital,channel,television,states
Arteche is a multinational corporation headquartered in Mungia, Basque Country .	basque country,multinational corporation,multinational,basque,corporation,mungia,arteche,country
House Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces is a subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee in the United States House of Representatives.	house armed,armed services,services subcommittee,states house,strategic forces,united states,services committee,house,subcommittee,services,united,states,committee,armed,strategic,forces,representatives
Kevin Rowson "Kev" Lingard is an Australian politician.	australian politician,kevin rowson,rowson,australian,lingard,kevin,politician
Bbonhel Bala is a populated place in Sindh, Pakistan.	populated place,bbonhel bala,bala,sindh,populated,place,bbonhel,pakistan
Barbara Chernow is an American educator and since March 2015, Executive Vice President for Finance and Administration at Brown University.	brown university,vice president,executive vice,american educator,barbara chernow,chernow,brown,american,administration,educator,finance,march,president,executive,vice
Juddha Paolo is a Filipino actor.	filipino actor,juddha paolo,paolo,filipino,juddha,actor
Çat is a village in the District of Sincik, Adıyaman Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,adıyaman,sincik,turkey
Lamprolobium is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	genus,family,plant,legume,lamprolobium,fabaceae
Zimtut is a town in north-western Tajikistan.	town,western,north,zimtut,tajikistan
The High Museum of Art , located in Atlanta, is a leading art museum in the Southeastern United States.	united states,southeastern united,art museum,high museum,museum,united,southeastern,states,atlanta,high
Back to You is a rock song written by Bryan Adams and Eliot Kennedy.	eliot kennedy,bryan adams,rock song,song,eliot,bryan,adams,rock,kennedy
Super Robot Taisen OG Saga: Endless Frontier is a video game developed by Banpresto and Monolith Soft.	monolith soft,video game,endless frontier,og saga,taisen og,robot taisen,super robot,robot,monolith,taisen,banpresto,game,saga,video,endless,frontier
The European Championships of Ski Mountaineering were the European championships for national ski mountaineering teams 1992 to 2009.	ski mountaineering,mountaineering team,national ski,european championships,mountaineering,european,championship,national,championships,team
Mahavoky Nord is a town and commune in Madagascar.	nord,commune,town,mahavoky,madagascar
Meister Cody is an online training game with an integrated diagnostic screening test for children with dyscalculia and math weakness, the CODY Assessment.	cody assessment,math weakness,screening test,diagnostic screening,integrated diagnostic,training game,online training,meister cody,cody,screening,diagnostic,test,integrated,child,game,dyscalculia,training,math
Gregor Aedan Robertson is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a left back from 2002 to 2016.	professional footballer,aedan robertson,gregor aedan,aedan,footballer,robertson,professional,scottish,gregor,left
Dingo is a town and locality in the Central Highlands Region in Queensland, Australia.	highlands region,central highlands,town,queensland,locality,region,central,highlands,dingo,australia
Kenya is represented at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne by a xx-member strong contingent comprising 102 sportspersons and xx officials.	strong contingent,member strong,commonwealth games,commonwealth,sportsperson,games,contingent,melbourne,strong,member,kenya,official
New Columbia is a census-designated place located in White Deer Township, Union County in the state of Pennsylvania.	union county,deer township,white deer,new columbia,columbia,state,census,county,place,union,white,township,deer
The 1923 Giro di Lombardia was the 19th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 27 October 1923.	cycle race,lombardia cycle,lombardia,race,cycle,edition,giro,october
The priesthood is one of the three holy orders of the Catholic Church, comprising the ordained priests or presbyters.	catholic church,holy order,holy,priest,order,church,catholic,priesthood,presbyter
Luhansk power station is a thermal power station north of Shchastia, near Luhansk, Ukraine.	power station,thermal power,luhansk power,luhansk,power,station,shchastia,thermal,ukraine
Löcknitz is a railway station in the village of Löcknitz, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	löcknitz,vorpommern,mecklenburg,station,railway,village,germany
Adicción, Tradición, Revolución is the Voodoo Glow Skulls' seventh full-length album.	length album,glow skulls,voodoo glow,tradición,length,revolución,seventh,voodoo,skulls,glow,adicción,album
Brian Japp is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the USISL A-League and American Professional Soccer League.	soccer league,professional soccer,usisl a,soccer defender,american professional,american soccer,retired american,brian japp,american,soccer,league,japp,retired,usisl,defender,professional,brian
The Batalha dos Aflitos is a name used by the Brazilian press to refer to a memorable Campeonato Brasileiro Série B play-off match played on Saturday, 26 November 2005 between Náutico and Grêmio.	b play,série b,brasileiro série,campeonato brasileiro,memorable campeonato,brazilian press,aflitos,náutico,brazilian,november,press,saturday,memorable,match,campeonato,play
Jaelyn Delshaun Young is an American from Vicksburg, Mississippi, who in 2015 attempted to move to Syria with her fiancé, an American man named Muhammad Oda "Mo" Dakhlalla, to join ISIS to work as a medic.	muhammad oda,american man,delshaun young,jaelyn delshaun,american,isis,delshaun,dakhlalla,young,muhammad,mississippi,syria
Sir William Tucker Luce,  was a British colonial administrator and diplomat.	colonial administrator,british colonial,tucker luce,william tucker,sir william,william,administrator,tucker,colonial,luce,british,diplomat
The Supercopa de España is a Spanish futsal championship contested by the winners of the División de Honor and the Copa de España.	de españa,futsal championship,spanish futsal,división de,de honor,supercopa de,futsal,championship,spanish,winner,españa,división,honor,copa,supercopa
Pierce Meade was an Anglican priest in Ireland in the early 19th century.The fifth son son of John Meade, 1st Earl of Clanwilliam he was Archdeacon of Dromore from 1810 until 1832.	john meade,son son,fifth son,anglican priest,pierce meade,meade,archdeacon,clanwilliam,earl,early,ireland,priest
Valley Lodge is an American power pop band from New York City.	york city,new york,pop band,power pop,american power,valley lodge,lodge,york,american,power,band,valley,city
Nmahu Egbema is a commune in Ohaji Egbema local government area of Imo State, Nigeria.	imo state,government area,local government,egbema local,ohaji egbema,nmahu egbema,egbema,state,area,government,local,commune,ohaji,nigeria,nmahu
The Tecovas Formation is a geological formation in Texas.	geological formation,tecovas formation,formation,tecovas,geological,texas
The stoplight parrotfish is a species of parrotfish inhabiting coral reefs in Florida, Caribbean Sea, Gulf of Mexico, Bermuda and as far south as Brazil.	caribbean sea,coral reef,stoplight parrotfish,parrotfish,bermuda,mexico,coral,gulf,reef,florida,caribbean,brazil
Joseph Burney Trapp CBE FBA FSA was the director of the Warburg Institute and Professor of the History of the Classical Tradition at London University from 1976 to 1990.	london university,warburg institute,classical tradition,fba fsa,cbe fba,trapp cbe,burney trapp,joseph burney,burney,london,trapp,tradition,classical,history,professor
Sir John Francis Whitaker Maitland was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.In the 1945 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament for the safe Conservative seat of Horncastle in Lincolnshire.	conservative seat,general election,safe conservative,united kingdom,party politician,conservative party,whitaker maitland,francis whitaker,john francis,sir john,conservative,john,horncastle,francis,whitaker,seat,general,kingdom,election,united
Mamoru Miyano is a Japanese actor, voice actor and singer from Saitama Prefecture.	saitama prefecture,voice actor,japanese actor,mamoru miyano,actor,miyano,saitama,japanese,singer,mamoru,prefecture,voice
Egerkingen is a municipality in the district of Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.	municipality,solothurn,district,canton,egerkingen,switzerland
Soul Rebels is the second studio album by the Wailers, their first album to be released outside Jamaica.	studio album,second studio,soul rebels,album,rebels,second,studio,soul,wailers,jamaica
 Sovereign states 	sovereign,state
Seth Cook Rees was a leading figure in the “holiness movement," co-founding the International Holiness Union and Prayer League, and, following a schism with the Church of the Nazarene, founding the Pilgrim Holiness Church, a forerunner of the Wesleyan Church.	wesleyan church,holiness church,prayer league,pilgrim holiness,holiness union,international holiness,holiness movement,leading figure,cook rees,seth cook,holiness,church,cook,rees,leading,prayer,league,figure,union
Media Independent Handover is a standard being developed by IEEE 802.21 to enable the handover of IP sessions from one layer 2 access technology to another, to achieve mobility of end user devices.	user device,access technology,end user,ip session,independent handover,media independent,handover,user,mobility,technology,independent,access,layer,session
My Woman is the third studio album by the American singer-songwriter Angel Olsen, released on September 2, 2016 on Jagjaguwar Records.	jagjaguwar records,angel olsen,songwriter angel,american singer,studio album,-PRON- woman,woman,jagjaguwar,studio,september,album,olsen,american,angel,singer,songwriter
Wellendingen is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	town,württemberg,district,baden,rottweil,wellendingen,germany
51 Birch Street is a 2005 documentary film about the universal themes of love, marriage, fidelity, and the mystery of a suburban family.	suburban family,universal theme,documentary film,birch street,street,suburban,documentary,mystery,film,fidelity,universal,marriage,theme,love
The Solon Dogget House is a historic house at 50 Union Street in Quincy, Massachusetts.	union street,historic house,dogget house,solon dogget,house,quincy,dogget,street,union,massachusetts,solon,historic
Moss Point is a cape in Aleutians West Census Area, Alaska, in the United States.The name Moss Point was recorded by the United States Geological Survey in 1936.	moss point,census area,west census,united states,aleutians west,geological survey,states geological,states,point,united,geological,west,census,aleutians,area,cape,alaska
The Southern League of Minor League Baseball is one of three Double-A baseball leagues in the United States.	united states,baseball league,league baseball,a baseball,minor league,southern league,league,baseball,united,double,states,southern,minor
Salah Aboud Mahmoud is a former Iraqi Army general, best known for his role in Battle of Khafji and 73 Easting, during the Persian Gulf War.	gulf war,army general,persian gulf,iraqi army,aboud mahmoud,salah aboud,aboud,gulf,mahmoud,persian,iraqi,easting,army,khafji,general,battle
601 California Street is a 22-story, 107 m skyscraper in the financial district of San Francisco, California.	san francisco,financial district,m skyscraper,california street,california,street,skyscraper,financial,district,francisco
SWAT 3: Close Quarters Battle is a tactical shooter, developed by Sierra Northwest and published by Sierra Entertainment for Microsoft Windows-based PCs.	microsoft windows,sierra entertainment,sierra northwest,tactical shooter,quarters battle,close quarters,sierra,close,windows,quarters,microsoft,battle,entertainment,tactical,shooter,swat
Jisu Park is a South Korean professional StarCraft: Brood War player and Starcraft II player playing under the name ForGG.	Brood war player,korean professional,south korean,jisu park,player,starcraft,park,south,korean,professional,brood,jisu
Park joined Korean Team Hwaseung Oz in 2006 at the age of 16.	hwaseung oz,team hwaseung,korean team,korean,team,hwaseung,park
Olav Bjørkaas is a Norwegian former politician for the Labour Party.	labour party,olav bjørkaas,bjørkaas,labour,norwegian,politician,olav,party
Sussex Land District is a land district of Western Australia, located within the South-West Land Division on the state's west coast.	land district,west coast,land division,west land,western australia,sussex land,west,land,western,australia,district,south,division,state,sussex,coast
Bocchoris borbonensis is a moth of the Crambidae family described by Christian Guillermet in 1996.	christian guillermet,crambidae family,bocchoris borbonensis,borbonensis,christian,moth,family,crambidae,bocchoris,guillermet
Elmwood , also known as the William N. Alward House, is a historic home located at Nunda in Livingston County, New York.	new york,livingston county,historic home,alward house,n. alward,william n.,william,county,alward,livingston,house,nunda,historic,home
Memories Unlocked is a Canadian drama film, directed by Jean Beaudin and released in 1999.	jean beaudin,drama film,canadian drama,memories unlocked,unlocked,jean,canadian,film,drama,memories,beaudin
The Women's giant slalom competition of the Sapporo 1972 Olympics was held at Teine.The defending world champion was Betsy Clifford of Canada, while Austria's Annemarie Moser-Pröll was the defending World Cup giant slalom champion and led the 1972 World Cup.	giant slalom,slalom competition,world cup,world champion,betsy clifford,annemarie moser,slalom champion,cup giant,world,giant,slalom,champion,austria,canada,annemarie,clifford,moser,sapporo
Stigmina palmivora is a plant pathogen infecting coconut palms.	coconut palm,plant pathogen,stigmina palmivora,palmivora,coconut,plant,pathogen,stigmina,palm
Circumcision surgical procedure in males involves either a conventional "cut and stitch" surgical procedure or use of a circumcision instrument or device.	surgical procedure,circumcision instrument,circumcision surgical,circumcision,procedure,surgical,instrument,conventional,male,device
This is the list of companies that manufacture cement in Tanzania.	company,cement,list,tanzania
New Politics was a term used in the United States in the 1950s to denote the ascending ideology of that country's Democratic Party during that decade.	democratic party,united states,new politics,politics,party,term,democratic,united,country,states,ideology
Joseph Bradford Lancaster was an American lawyer and Whig politician who served on the Florida Supreme Court from 1848 to 1850.	supreme court,florida supreme,whig politician,american lawyer,bradford lancaster,joseph bradford,bradford,supreme,lancaster,florida,american,politician,lawyer,whig,joseph,court
Maling Peak is a mountain 430 metres high and is the southernmost of two conspicuous peaks 0.5 nautical miles northwest of Cape Vik on the south coast of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands, Antarctica.	orkney islands,south orkney,coronation island,south coast,cape vik,nautical mile,conspicuous peak,metre high,maling peak,peak,south,islands,orkney,high,metre,southernmost,mile,cape,mountain
The Underdog/El Subestimado is the second studio album by Tego Calderón on August 29, 2006.	tego calderón,studio album,second studio,el subestimado,calderón,subestimado,tego,second,album,studio,underdog,august
Periwinkle is a color in the blue and violet family.	color,violet,blue,periwinkle,family
The SNCASE SE.161 Languedoc was a French four-engined airliner produced by SNCASE .	sncase,languedoc,french,airliner
Crn Kamen is a mountain found in Kosovo in the Šar Mountains in Gora next to Macedonia and Albania.	šar mountains,crn kamen,kamen,macedonia,mountain,gora,kosovo,mountains,albania
Pianceri is a frazione  of the municipality of Pray, in Piedmont, northern Italy.	frazione,northern,municipality,piedmont,pray,pianceri,italy
Maysan Road is one of the main east-west thoroughfares of Valenzuela, Philippines.	west thoroughfare,main east,maysan road,road,valenzuela,main,thoroughfare,east,west,maysan,philippines
Erik Waaler was a Norwegian shipping executive.	shipping executive,norwegian shipping,erik waaler,waaler,shipping,norwegian,erik,executive
Rudolf Pleil was a German serial killer known as Der Totmacher .	der totmacher,serial killer,german serial,rudolf pleil,pleil,german,killer,serial,rudolf,totmacher
Pouldreuzic is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	western france,finistère department,commune,western,finistère,north,department,brittany,pouldreuzic,france
Kalemler, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.	manavgat,province,antalya,village,district,turkey,kalemler
Jairo Álvarez Gutiérrez , known simply as Jairo, is a Spanish former footballer who played as a midfielder.	álvarez gutiérrez,jairo álvarez,jairo,footballer,spanish,álvarez,gutiérrez,midfielder
Kwanza Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya.	electoral constituency,kwanza constituency,constituency,kwanza,electoral,kenya
Rosato is an Italian surname, not to be confused with Rossato.	italian,surname,rosato,rossato
Polyptychus nigriplaga is a moth of the family Sphingidae.	family sphingidae,polyptychus nigriplaga,nigriplaga,family,moth,polyptychus,sphingidae
Andre Mannaart is a Dutch former kickboxer and mixed martial artist.	martial artist,mixed martial,andre mannaart,mannaart,martial,dutch,mixed,kickboxer,andre,artist
The Smith, later Smyth, later Smijth, later Bowyer-Smijth, later Bowyer-Smyth Baronetcy, of Hill Hall in the County of Essex, was created on 28 November 1661 for Thomas Smith, High Sheriff of Essex in 1663.	high sheriff,thomas smith,hill hall,smyth baronetcy,smyth,essex,smith,hall,hill,county,november,sheriff,baronetcy,thomas
KPSU is a non-profit educational radio station licensed to serve Goodwell, Oklahoma.	radio station,educational radio,profit educational,goodwell,profit,station,educational,radio,kpsu,oklahoma
The Netherlands competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	summer,sydney,olympics,netherlands,australia
Chandrahasa is a 1933 Hindi mythological costume drama film directed by Sarvottam Badami.	sarvottam badami,drama film,costume drama,mythological costume,hindi mythological,hindi,sarvottam,mythological,film,costume,drama,chandrahasa,badami
The Vatican News App is an official mobile application software issued by the Vatican's Dicastery for Communication.	application software,mobile application,official mobile,news app,vatican news,vatican,dicastery,official,mobile,application,news,software,communication
Ribaševina is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.	village,municipality,užice,ribaševina,serbia
The Aurus Senat is a car developed by NAMI in Moscow, Russia.	senat,moscow,nami,aurus,russia
Dodge & Cox® is an American mutual fund company, founded in 1930 by Van Duyn Dodge and E. Morris Cox, that provides professional investment management services.	management service,investment management,morris cox,professional investment,e. morris,duyn dodge,fund company,van duyn,mutual fund,american mutual,dodge,management,investment,fund,company,mutual,american,professional
This page indexes the individual year in country music pages.	music page,country music,individual year,page,individual,year,country,music
Son of the Velvet Rat is a folk rock band from Austria.	rock band,folk rock,velvet rat,velvet,band,rock,folk,austria
Karl Sverre Klevstad is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	democratic party,christian democratic,norwegian politician,sverre klevstad,karl sverre,sverre,democratic,klevstad,christian,norwegian,politician,karl,party
Asiyab-e Alikhan is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	kerman province,anbarabad county,central district,rural district,amjaz rural,e alikhan,district,province,alikhan,kerman,village,county,amjaz,anbarabad,rural
Whitchurch High School is a large, co-educational, comprehensive secondary school in the suburb of Whitchurch in Cardiff, Wales.	secondary school,comprehensive secondary,high school,whitchurch high,school,whitchurch,cardiff,educational,comprehensive,large,secondary,high,suburb
The UC Irvine Anteaters men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents the University of California, Irvine.	basketball team,anteaters man,irvine anteaters,uc irvine,irvine,basketball,team,university,anteaters,california
The Mark of the Crown by Jude Watson is the fourth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice.	jedi apprentice,reader novel,young reader,jude watson,crown,jedi,jude,novel,watson,reader,fourth,young,series,mark
Timothy Richards Lewis was a Welsh surgeon and pathologist who worked in India on several aspects of tropical medicine.	tropical medicine,welsh surgeon,richards lewis,timothy richards,richards,tropical,lewis,aspect,welsh,india,surgeon,pathologist,timothy,medicine
Tezontepec de Aldama is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	aldama,eastern,town,central,municipality,hidalgo,tezontepec,mexico
The Washington Common Historic District encompasses a cluster of three civic buildings and the town common in the center of Washington, New Hampshire.	new hampshire,town common,civic building,historic district,common historic,washington common,common,washington,cluster,civic,district,building,historic,town,center
Karl Zéro is the stage name of Marc Tellenne , is a French writer, actor and filmmaker.	french writer,marc tellenne,karl zéro,zéro,actor,stage,writer,marc,french,tellenne,karl,filmmaker
The Cremenuța River is a headwater of the Cremenea River in Romania.	cremenea river,cremenuța river,river,headwater,cremenea,cremenuța,romania
Pedra Branca is an outlying island and also the easternmost point of Singapore.	easternmost point,outlying island,pedra branca,branca,point,outlying,easternmost,island,pedra,singapore
Centrum Praw Kobiet is a non-governmental organization in Poland that supports women's rights and the prevention of violence against women.	governmental organization,praw kobiet,centrum praw,woman,praw,kobiet,governmental,organization,poland,prevention,right,violence
Youth Union of Turkey is a Turkish left-wing nationalist, Kemalist revolutionary youth organization closely associated with the Patriotic Party.	patriotic party,youth organization,revolutionary youth,kemalist revolutionary,wing nationalist,turkish left,youth union,youth,patriotic,organization,left,wing,turkish,nationalist,turkey,kemalist,union
Tall Barmi is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	khuzestan province,ramhormoz county,central district,rural district,gharbi rural,ye gharbi,tall barmi,district,barmi,province,village,khuzestan,howmeh,county,ramhormoz,gharbi
In the European Regional Rugby World Cup Qualifying, two teams, Georgia and Russia, qualified directly to the world cup and Romania, the third place team, entered a playoff against the second place African team, Tunisia.	world cup,cup qualifying,african team,place african,second place,place team,rugby world,regional rugby,european regional,team,place,world,regional,rugby,russia,georgia,playoff,second
The Grekov Odessa Art school is an institution of secondary education in Odessa, Ukraine.	secondary education,art school,odessa art,grekov odessa,odessa,institution,school,secondary,education,grekov,ukraine
Bulbophyllum gladiatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	genus bulbophyllum,bulbophyllum gladiatum,bulbophyllum,gladiatum,species,orchid,genus
Henri Messerer was a French organist and music composer.	music composer,french organist,henri messerer,messerer,music,french,organist,henri,composer
Modern Physics and Ancient Faith is a book by Stephen M. Barr, a physicist from the University of Delaware and frequent contributor to First Things.	first thing,frequent contributor,m. barr,stephen m.,ancient faith,modern physics,physics,first,ancient,contributor,faith,frequent,book,delaware,stephen,university
Christopher Mark "Chris" Unthank is a retired Australian athlete who specialised in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	metre steeplechase,australian athlete,retired australian,christopher mark,mark,metre,chris,athlete,unthank,australian,retired,christopher,steeplechase
The North Central Review is a weekly newspaper based in Kilmore, Australia published by The North Central Review Pty Ltd.	central review,north central,weekly newspaper,pty ltd.,review pty,review,kilmore,australia,north,newspaper,central,weekly,ltd.
The Lithic Studies Society was founded in 1979 to advance knowledge of, and education and research in, lithic studies.	lithic study,studies society,lithic studies,lithic,knowledge,society,education,studies,research,study
Evaldas is a Lithuanian masculine given name.	lithuanian,evaldas,masculine
Mugwort is a common name for several species of aromatic plants in the genus Artemisia.	genus artemisia,aromatic plant,common,genus,specie,plant,aromatic,mugwort,artemisia
Katif was an Israeli settlement in the Gush Katif bloc in the Gaza Strip, about 1 km north of the Palestinian refugee camp of Deir al-Balah Camp.	balah camp,deir al,refugee camp,gaza strip,palestinian refugee,katif bloc,gush katif,israeli settlement,katif,camp,strip,gaza,palestinian,settlement,bloc,refugee
Africa Day is the annual commemoration of the foundation of the Organisation of African Unity  on 25 May 1963.	african unity,annual commemoration,africa day,unity,annual,african,commemoration,organisation,foundation,africa
Kora is a town in central Ethiopia.	town,central,kora,ethiopia
Ustyanka is a rural locality and the administrative center of Ustyanovsky Selsoviet of Loktevsky District, Altai Krai, Russia.	altai krai,loktevsky district,ustyanovsky selsoviet,administrative center,rural locality,rural,krai,locality,altai,administrative,district,center,loktevsky,ustyanovsky,selsoviet
Dirk Theismann is a German former water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,polo player,water polo,dirk theismann,theismann,summer,german,player,water,polo,dirk,olympics
Molalla is a city in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States.	united states,clackamas county,city,united,clackamas,oregon,county,molalla,states
The 2017 Nangarhar airstrike refers to the American bombing of the Achin District located in the Nangarhar Province of eastern Afghanistan, near the border with Pakistan.	eastern afghanistan,nangarhar province,achin district,american bombing,nangarhar airstrike,nangarhar,border,afghanistan,eastern,bombing,province,american,achin,airstrike,district
Formimidoyltransferase cyclodeaminase or formiminotransferase cyclodeaminase is an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of formiminoglutamate and tetrahydrofolate into formiminotetrahydrofolate and glutamate.	formiminotransferase cyclodeaminase,formimidoyltransferase cyclodeaminase,cyclodeaminase,formiminotetrahydrofolate,formiminoglutamate,enzyme,conversion,glutamate,formimidoyltransferase,formiminotransferase
The Willow Creek mine is an in-situ leach uranium mining project located in Powder River Basin in the state of Wyoming, United States.	united states,river basin,powder river,mining project,uranium mining,leach uranium,situ leach,willow creek,creek,united,situ,wyoming,leach,state,uranium,basin,mining,river
The Doward (Welsh: Deuarth Fach, lit.	welsh,deuarth,doward,fach
Tiffany Lee Brown is an American writer, editor, and interdisciplinary artist.	interdisciplinary artist,american writer,lee brown,tiffany lee,interdisciplinary,brown,editor,american,writer,tiffany,artist
Mary Boleyn, also known as Lady Mary (c.	lady mary,mary boleyn,mary,boleyn,lady
Hungarian physician Endre Mester was a pioneer of laser medicine, especially the use of low level laser therapy .	laser therapy,level laser,laser medicine,low level,endre mester,physician endre,hungarian physician,laser,physician,endre,mester,pioneer,medicine,level,hungarian
Edwin Judd Woldin was an American composer, most notable for his musical Raisin.	musical raisin,american composer,judd woldin,edwin judd,judd,musical,woldin,notable,american,composer,edwin,raisin
Tenja is a village in eastern Slavonia, Croatia, located just southeast of Osijek.	village,croatia,eastern,slavonia,tenja,osijek
Bamboo is a locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia.	locality,queensland,shire,douglas,bamboo,australia
The Papers of Samuel Marchbanks, published by Irwin in 1985, constitutes a collection of the writings of Samuel Marchbanks, a character created in 1944 by Canadian novelist and journalist Robertson Davies when he was editor of the Peterborough Examiner newspaper in the small city of Peterborough, Ontario, northeast of Toronto.	small city,examiner newspaper,samuel marchbanks,robertson davies,peterborough examiner,journalist robertson,canadian novelist,peterborough,samuel,marchbanks,ontario,journalist,novelist,robertson,canadian,davies,collection
Mohamed Traoré is a Guinean footballer who currently plays as a winger for FK Blansko on loan from FC Zbrojovka Brno.	zbrojovka brno,fc zbrojovka,fk blansko,guinean footballer,mohamed traoré,traoré,zbrojovka,guinean,footballer,loan,winger,blansko,mohamed
NA-54  is a constituency for the National Assembly of Pakistan.	constituency,assembly,national,pakistan
The Hohmad is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located south of Blumenstein in the canton of Bern.	mountain,canton,bernese,blumenstein,alps,hohmad,bern
The Battle of Salga occurred on 25 July 1581, along the Bay of Salga and around the coastal part of the parish of Vila de São Sebastião, island of Terceira in the Portuguese Azores, between Spanish and Portuguese forces.	portuguese force,portuguese azores,são sebastião,salga,portuguese,vila,sebastião,parish,island,coastal,terceira,july
Rolv Helge Wesenlund was a Norwegian comedian, singer, clarinetist, writer and actor.	norwegian comedian,helge wesenlund,rolv helge,helge,writer,wesenlund,clarinetist,norwegian,singer,comedian,rolv,actor
Sam Morgan , professionally known as Sam Outlaw, is a country music singer-songwriter.	music singer,country music,sam outlaw,sam morgan,singer,outlaw,music,country,morgan,songwriter
The men's BMX racing at the 2012 Olympic Games in London took place at the BMX track at the Velopark within the Olympic Park, from 8 to 10 August.Latvia's Māris Štrombergs won the gold medal, successfully defending his victory in 2008, with a time of 37.576 seconds.	gold medal,māris štrombergs,olympic park,bmx track,olympic games,olympic,time,victory,medal,gold,štrombergs,māris,latvia,august
The People's Story Museum is a museum housed in the historic Canongate Tolbooth, the collections of which tell the story of the people of Edinburgh from the late 18th century to the present day.	present day,canongate tolbooth,historic canongate,story museum,story,museum,present,century,late,edinburgh,tolbooth,canongate,people
Vincent Peter Colaiuta is an American drummer who has worked as a session musician in many genres.	session musician,american drummer,peter colaiuta,vincent peter,peter,musician,colaiuta,session,american,drummer,vincent,genre
510 Spadina is a streetcar route in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission.	transit commission,toronto transit,streetcar route,toronto,streetcar,transit,route,ontario,canada,spadina,commission
Suzanna Catharina de Graaff, born Suzanna Catharina Hemmes, , was a Dutch woman who claimed to be a fifth daughter of Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra.	tsarina alexandra,nicholas ii,suzanna catharina,tsar nicholas,fifth daughter,dutch woman,catharina hemmes,catharina,tsarina,nicholas,tsar,daughter,fifth,woman,dutch,hemmes
Fevziye Rahgozar Barlas is an Afghan poet, and short story writer.	story writer,short story,afghan poet,rahgozar barlas,fevziye rahgozar,rahgozar,story,barlas,short,afghan,poet,fevziye,writer
Rathaus Essen is a 22-storey, 106 m skyscraper in Essen, Germany.	m skyscraper,rathaus essen,essen,skyscraper,rathaus,germany
Imperium: Nero is an Italian-British-Spanish television film, part of the Imperium series; it was made film available on DVD as of November 2005 in the U.S. and Canada.	film available,imperium series,television film,spanish television,film,imperium,u.s.,november,british,italian,spanish,available,nero
The 1933 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles was the seventh edition of the men's doubles championship.	double championship,seventh edition,tennis championships,table tennis,world table,table,double,tennis,championships,edition,seventh,doubles,world
A ministerial decree or ministerial order is a decree by a ministry.	ministerial order,ministerial decree,decree,ministerial,order,ministry
Ceris Styler  is a British racing cyclist who represented Great Britain at the 2000 Summer Olympics, where she placed 14th in the women's road time trial and 27th in the road race.	road race,time trial,summer olympics,road time,great britain,racing cyclist,british racing,ceris styler,road,styler,british,racing,cyclist,great,britain,summer,olympics
Emilio Sanchez was a Cuban-born American artist known for his architectural paintings and graphic lithographs.	graphic lithograph,architectural painting,american artist,emilio sanchez,sanchez,graphic,cuban,painting,american,architectural,artist,emilio,lithograph
A sock hop or sox hop, often also called a record hop or just a hop, was an informal sponsored dance event for teenagers in mid-20th-century North America, featuring popular music.	popular music,north america,century north,dance event,record hop,sock hop,popular,america,north,century,teenager,event,dance,informal
 History
La Matanza was a suppression of a 1932 peasant uprising which resulted in the death of tens of thousands of civilians and ethnic genocide of indigenous Salvadorans.	indigenous salvadorans,ethnic genocide,peasant uprising,la matanza,matanza,indigenous,suppression,genocide,peasant,ethnic,uprising,civilian,death,thousand
Semerak is a state constituency in Kelantan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Kelantan State Legislative Assembly.	legislative assembly,state legislative,kelantan state,state constituency,state,kelantan,legislative,constituency,assembly,malaysia,semerak
Daniel Vilhelm Carlson is an	vilhelm carlson,daniel vilhelm,vilhelm,daniel,carlson
American football placekicker for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League .	football league,national football,oakland raiders,football placekicker,american football,football,oakland,raiders,placekicker,national,american,league
Namibia–Zambia relations refers to the bilateral relations of Namibia and Zambia.	bilateral relation,zambia relation,relation,namibia,zambia,bilateral
Protein chibby homolog 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CBY1 gene.	chibby homolog,protein chibby,protein,human,chibby,homolog,gene
Daniell and Beutell was an architectural firm in Atlanta during 1919 to 1941.	beutell,firm,architectural,daniell,atlanta
Iran has been divided into regions in a number of different ways historically.	region,different,number,iran
Corn Uí Mhuirí is the cup presented to the winners of the Munster colleges senior "A" football championship, the top level Gaelic football championship for secondary schools in Munster.	football championship,gaelic football,level gaelic,secondary school,college senior,uí mhuirí,munster college,corn uí,munster,football,championship,mhuirí,winner,college,school,senior
Vegetal rotation is a morphogenetic movement that drives mesoderm internalization during gastrulation in amphibian embryos.	amphibian embryo,mesoderm internalization,morphogenetic movement,vegetal rotation,rotation,amphibian,morphogenetic,gastrulation,movement,internalization,mesoderm,vegetal,embryo
Nizhneivkino is an urban locality in Kumyonsky District of Kirov Oblast, Russia.	kirov oblast,kumyonsky district,urban locality,urban,oblast,locality,kirov,kumyonsky,district,nizhneivkino,russia
Anaïs Napoleón was a French-Spanish photographer.	spanish photographer,anaïs napoleón,napoleón,spanish,french,anaïs,photographer
Mohammad Ali Mohammadi Acha-Cheloi is an Iranian former cyclist.	mohammadi acha,ali mohammadi,mohammad ali,iranian,mohammadi,cheloi,acha,mohammad,cyclist
Alpheus rapacida, is a species of snapping shrimp of the family Alpheidae.	family alpheidae,alpheus rapacida,rapacida,family,species,shrimp,alpheus,alpheidae
Yamhill County Transit Area is the public transit authority of Yamhill County, Oregon, United States that primarily operates in the cities of McMinnville and Newberg.	yamhill county,transit area,county transit,transit authority,public transit,united states,transit,county,mcminnville,city,states,united,oregon,yamhill,authority,area
The Deep Lake Railroad was a historic short line railroad that once operated between Deep Lake and Everglades City, Florida.	deep lake,lake railroad,line railroad,short line,historic short,everglades city,railroad,lake,city,everglades,short,historic,line,deep,florida
Joseph Vincent Charyk was widely credited as the founder of the geosynchronous communications satellite industry.	satellite industry,communication satellite,vincent charyk,geosynchronous communication,joseph vincent,vincent,satellite,charyk,communication,founder,geosynchronous,joseph,industry
John Laurens was an American soldier and statesman from South Carolina during the American Revolutionary War, best known for his criticism of slavery and his efforts to help recruit slaves to fight for their freedom as U.S. soldiers.In 1779, Laurens gained approval from the Continental Congress for his plan to recruit a brigade of 3,000 slaves by promising them freedom in return for fighting.	continental congress,revolutionary war,u.s. soldier,american revolutionary,south carolina,american soldier,john laurens,laurens,american,soldier,freedom,slave,return,congress,plan,criticism,slavery
The exodermis is a layer of cells from the outermost layer of the cortex of many angiosperms.	layer,cortex,cell,outermost,angiosperm,exodermis
Al Abraq International Airport or Al Bayda International Airport is an airport serving the eastern Libyan city of Bayda.	international airport,bayda international,al bayda,libyan city,eastern libyan,abraq international,al abraq,airport,bayda,international,libyan,city,eastern,abraq
Dadin-e Olya is a village in Dadin Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	fars province,kazerun county,baladeh district,rural district,dadin rural,e olya,district,dadin,province,fars,county,kazerun,olya,village,jereh
Onalaska is a town in La Crosse County, Wisconsin, United States.	united states,crosse county,la crosse,town,united,wisconsin,crosse,county,onalaska,states
Daniel Bleichenbacher is a Swiss cryptographer, previously a researcher at Bell Labs, and currently employed at Google.	bell labs,swiss cryptographer,daniel bleichenbacher,bleichenbacher,labs,swiss,bell,cryptographer,researcher,daniel,google
Helen Thorpe is an Irish-American author and freelance journalist who was the First Lady of Colorado following her husband's inauguration until their divorce in 2015.	first lady,freelance journalist,american author,helen thorpe,thorpe,inauguration,irish,husband,american,colorado,author,lady,freelance,first
Iota Aurigae , also named Hassaleh, is a star in the northern constellation of Auriga.	northern constellation,iota aurigae,aurigae,constellation,hassaleh,northern,star,iota,auriga
Nikhil Paradkar is an Indian cricketer.	indian cricketer,nikhil paradkar,paradkar,indian,nikhil,cricketer
Like a Child is a 1988 single by Bronx-born singer Noel.	single,singer,bronx,child,noel
Mordellistena multicarinata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	mordellidae family,mordellistena genus,mordellistena multicarinata,mordellistena,family,mordellidae,genus,species,multicarinata,beetle,tenebrionoidea
Papkeszi is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary.	village,county,veszprém,papkeszi,hungary
Public holidays in Canada, known as statutory holidays, stat holidays, or simply stats, consist of a variety of cultural, nationalistic, and religious holidays that are legislated in Canada at the federal or provincial and territorial levels.	territorial level,religious holiday,stat holiday,statutory holiday,public holiday,holiday,canada,territorial,provincial,federal,cultural,variety,nationalistic,stat,religious
Leslie Holdsworth Allen was an Australian academic and poet.	australian academic,holdsworth allen,leslie holdsworth,holdsworth,academic,allen,australian,leslie,poet
Utahraptor is a genus of theropod dinosaurs.	genus,theropod,utahraptor,dinosaur
Route 510 is a 40-kilometre long north-south secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada.	new brunswick,northwest portion,secondary highway,south secondary,long north,long,brunswick,north,south,portion,secondary,northwest,highway,route
Birmingham is a live album by Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, featuring the Orchestra of the Swan and Chamber Choir.	chamber choir,cockney rebel,steve harley,live album,live,chamber,album,swan,steve,orchestra,harley,rebel,cockney,birmingham
Burlesque: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the film of the same name by American singers Christina Aguilera and Cher.	christina aguilera,singer christina,soundtrack album,american singer,picture soundtrack,motion picture,original motion,soundtrack,aguilera,original,christina,motion,singer,american,film,picture,album
The Oram Group, Inc.	group,oram,inc.
Santa Chiara also known as the Santuario Madonna della Misericordia or Sanctuary of the Mater Misericordia is a Baroque-style Roman Catholic church located in via Santa Chiara #28 in Rimini, Italy.	santa chiara,della misericordia,madonna della,santuario madonna,mater misericordia,roman catholic,catholic church,style roman,misericordia,chiara,rimini,catholic,church,roman,santa,santuario,style,madonna
Henry Hart (1531 – c.	hart,henry
Caitlin Joan Halligan is a lawyer who is the former general counsel for the Manhattan district attorney's office.	district attorney,manhattan district,general counsel,joan halligan,caitlin joan,joan,attorney,halligan,district,lawyer,manhattan,general,counsel,caitlin,office
Revolutionary Conquerors was a Belizean football team which currently competes in the Belize Premier Football League of the Football Federation of Belize.	football federation,football league,premier football,football team,belize premier,belizean football,revolutionary conquerors,football,belize,conquerors,belizean,team,premier,federation,revolutionary,league
Jason Isidore Gurka is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Acereros de Monclova of the Mexican League.	mexican league,baseball pitcher,professional baseball,american professional,isidore gurka,jason isidore,isidore,mexican,gurka,monclova,american,acereros,professional,pitcher,baseball,jason
Remšnik ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Radlje ob Dravi in Slovenia.The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint George and belongs to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maribor.	catholic archdiocese,roman catholic,saint george,parish church,settlement,archdiocese,catholic,roman,george,dravi,slovenia,radlje,parish,saint
Al-Qadim is a One Thousand and One Nights-themed campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.	playing game,dragons role,campaign setting,qadim,playing,nights,role,campaign,dragons,setting,dungeons,game
George Henry Cowan was a Canadian lawyer and Conservative politician.	conservative politician,canadian lawyer,henry cowan,george henry,henry,conservative,cowan,lawyer,canadian,george,politician
Bangalore Days is a 2014 Indian Malayalam-language coming of age romantic drama film written and directed by Anjali Menon, and co-produced by Anwar Rasheed and Sophia Paul under the banner Anwar Rasheed Entertainments and Weekend Blockbusters.	anwar rasheed,sophia paul,weekend blockbusters,banner anwar,rasheed entertainments,anjali menon,drama film,romantic drama,age romantic,indian malayalam,rasheed,anwar,days,weekend,indian,malayalam,language,romantic,drama
The Piano Sonata in C-sharp minor, Op.	sharp minor,piano sonata,sonata,minor,sharp,piano
United States House of Representatives v.	states house,united states,states,house,united,representatives
Annalee Davis is a Barbadian multi-media artist.	media artist,barbadian multi,annalee davis,davis,media,barbadian,multi,annalee,artist
Public Security Construction is a classified serial publication produced by the Ministry of Public Security of the People's Republic of China.	public security,security construction,serial publication,classified serial,security,republic,people,serial,publication,classified,ministry,public,construction,china
The Rench Valley Railway is a 29.1 kilometre long branch line from Appenweier to Bad Griesbach , that mainly follows the valley of the River Rench in the Black Forest with maximum inclines of 1:99.	maximum incline,black forest,bad griesbach,river rench,branch line,long branch,kilometre long,valley railway,rench valley,valley,rench,maximum,forest,branch,line,long,appenweier,black,kilometre
Shingo Mimura is a Japanese politician and the current governor of Aomori Prefecture in Japan.	aomori prefecture,current governor,japanese politician,shingo mimura,mimura,prefecture,japanese,aomori,politician,governor,current,shingo,japan
Pazhavangadi is a village in the taluk of Ranni, Pathanamthitta district, in the state of Kerala, India.	village,kerala,taluk,state,ranni,district,pathanamthitta,pazhavangadi,india
Arthur Buchardt , is a Norwegian investor who mainly invests in hotel projects.	hotel project,norwegian investor,arthur buchardt,buchardt,hotel,norwegian,investor,arthur,project
Davey Blue is an album by saxophonist David "Fathead" Newman which was recorded in 2001 and released on the HighNote label early the following year.	following year,highnote label,saxophonist david,davey blue,blue,following,album,label,saxophonist,highnote,david,newman,fathead,davey
Silent Woods is the translated title of the composition by Antonín Dvořák initially published under the German title Waldesruhe.	title waldesruhe,german title,antonín dvořák,silent woods,title,woods,antonín,dvořák,composition,german,silent,waldesruhe
Get Out and Walk is a 1983 album by The Farmer's Boys.	farmer,album,boys
The 5th edition of the Women's Asian Amateur Boxing Championships were held from May 24 to May 30, 2010 in Astana, Kazakhstan.	boxing championships,amateur boxing,asian amateur,edition,women,astana,asian,amateur,boxing,championships,kazakhstan
New Scotland Records is a record label founded by Canadian Folk Artist Joel Plaskett in 2008 based in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada.	nova scotia,joel plaskett,artist joel,folk artist,canadian folk,record label,scotland records,new scotland,scotland,scotia,records,nova,record,dartmouth,label,plaskett,canadian,joel
Graeme Begbie is an Australian field hockey player.	hockey player,field hockey,australian field,graeme begbie,begbie,hockey,australian,field,graeme,player
Bishop Gedko II was Bishop of Płock, Poland from 1294 until his death in 1296AD. He is also known as Gosław.	gedko ii,bishop gedko,bishop,death,poland,płock,gedko,gosław
Elections to Suffolk County Council were held on 5 May 2005.	county council,suffolk county,suffolk,council,county,election
Nikola Rachelle Bedingfield , known professionally as Nikola Rachelle, is an English-New Zealand recording artist and songwriter.	nikola rachelle,rachelle bedingfield,new zealand,rachelle,artist,zealand,english,nikola,bedingfield,songwriter
Paul Piticco is an Australian music and hospitality entrepreneur.	hospitality entrepreneur,australian music,paul piticco,piticco,hospitality,australian,music,paul,entrepreneur
Plankton are the diverse collection of organisms that live in large bodies of water and are unable to swim against a current.	large body,diverse collection,diverse,unable,collection,water,organism,body,large,plankton,current
Walter William Giffard Tate was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Somerset in 1882.	class cricket,english cricketer,giffard tate,william giffard,walter william,william,cricket,giffard,class,tate,cricketer,english,walter,somerset
Napoleon Senki is a real-time tactics strategy video game developed by Lenar and published by Irem in March 1988 for the Family Computer.	family computer,video game,strategy video,tactic strategy,time tactic,napoleon senki,senki,family,real,march,time,irem,tactic,lenar,strategy,game
Boris Gorenc is a former Slovenian professional basketball player, and basketball agent.	basketball agent,basketball player,professional basketball,slovenian professional,boris gorenc,basketball,gorenc,slovenian,professional,boris,player,agent
Ursula Stenzel is an Austrian politician who was a Member of the European Parliament from 1996 to 2006.	european parliament,austrian politician,ursula stenzel,stenzel,european,austrian,member,politician,ursula,parliament
This article provides two lists:	article,list
A list of National Basketball Association players by total career regular season leaders in minutes played.	season leader,regular season,career regular,total career,association player,basketball association,national basketball,national,leader,basketball,season,association,regular,player,career,total,list
Metaloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.	south america,catfish native,armored catfish,genus,south,armored,native,catfish,metaloricaria,america
Robrecht Holman was the 36th abbot of Dunes.	abbot,holman,dunes
It's Getting Later All the Time is a 2001 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi.	antonio tabucchi,writer antonio,italian writer,time,antonio,novel,writer,italian,tabucchi
Joseph Michael DeLamielleure  is a former American football offensive lineman who was an All-American at Michigan State.	michigan state,offensive lineman,football offensive,american football,michael delamielleure,joseph michael,american,michael,michigan,delamielleure,offensive,football,lineman,joseph,state
Gimnástico F.C. is a Honduran football club located in Tegucigalpa.	football club,honduran football,gimnástico f.c.,f.c.,club,honduran,football,gimnástico,tegucigalpa
James E. Edmondson is a justice of the Oklahoma Supreme Court.	supreme court,oklahoma supreme,e. edmondson,james e.,supreme,edmondson,oklahoma,justice,james,court
Me and Emily is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Rachel Proctor.	rachel proctor,singer rachel,music singer,country music,american country,song co,song,rachel,singer,american,music,country,emily,proctor
The London Borough of Lambeth, in spite of being close to the centre of London has over 64 areas of parks and open spaces, in addition to 34 play areas and eight paddling pools, within its boundaries.	paddling pool,play area,open space,london borough,area,london,pool,paddling,spite,space,lambeth,close,open,addition
Handsome: A Netflix Mystery Movie is a 2017 American comedy film directed by Jeff Garlin and written by Garlin and Andrea Seigel.	andrea seigel,jeff garlin,comedy film,american comedy,mystery movie,netflix mystery,garlin,netflix,mystery,andrea,movie,american,comedy,film,jeff,handsome
The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season was the most active Atlantic hurricane season in recorded history, shattering numerous records.	atlantic hurricane,hurricane season,active atlantic,numerous record,season,numerous,history,atlantic,hurricane,active,record
Banks Township is a township in Carbon County, Pennsylvania, United States.	united states,carbon county,banks township,township,united,pennsylvania,county,carbon,states,banks
Ardchyle is a small hamlet in Stirling, Scotland.	small,stirling,hamlet,ardchyle,scotland
Duke Xiang of Jin was from 627 to 621 BC the ruler of the State of Jin, a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.	ancient china,autumn period,major power,duke xiang,ancient,period,autumn,xiang,spring,power,major,ruler
Rosa Scarlatti was an Italian opera singer.	opera singer,italian opera,rosa scarlatti,scarlatti,opera,italian,rosa,singer
William Wyon , was official chief engraver at the Royal Mint from 1828 until his death.	royal mint,chief engraver,official chief,william wyon,wyon,mint,official,royal,chief,engraver,william,death
Roma is a locality on the Swedish island of Gotland, with 936 inhabitants in 2014.Roma is also the name of the larger populated area, socken .	populated area,large populated,swedish island,locality,populated,swedish,large,island,inhabitant,gotland,roma,area
City of Ashland was a sidewheel paddle steamer that sank in Chequamegon Bay, Lake Superior, off Ashland, Wisconsin.	lake superior,chequamegon bay,paddle steamer,sidewheel paddle,ashland,chequamegon,steamer,paddle,lake,sidewheel,superior,city,wisconsin
The year 1939 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below.	science,significant,technology,year,event
Aliabad is a village in Chaghakhor Rural District, Boldaji District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	bakhtiari province,borujen county,boldaji district,rural district,chaghakhor rural,district,province,village,bakhtiari,chaghakhor,chaharmahal,rural,county,borujen,iran
Women's One Day International cricket is the limited overs form of women's cricket.	over form,limited over,international cricket,day international,cricket,international,over,form,limited,woman,women
Kudiramalai (Tamil: குதிரைமலை, translit.	tamil,குதிரைமலை,kudiramalai,translit
Yanaorco is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately 4,400 m .	mountain,height,andes,peru,yanaorco
Charles Mnene is a Kenyan-British film, television and stage actor.	stage actor,british film,charles mnene,mnene,stage,kenyan,television,british,film,charles,actor
Johnny Hanks  was a professional boxer who on 14 June 1954 became the New Zealand featherweight champion, and on 16 May 1955 the New Zealand lightweight champion.	new zealand,featherweight champion,zealand featherweight,professional boxer,johnny hanks,champion,zealand,hanks,professional,boxer,june,featherweight,johnny
Marion Hall is a Jamaican singer-songwriter whose career has spanned over two decades.	jamaican singer,marion hall,hall,career,jamaican,songwriter,singer,marion,decade
WRNB is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Media, Pennsylvania in the Philadelphia/Delaware Valley radio market.	radio market,valley radio,radio station,delaware valley,fm radio,commercial fm,radio,commercial,pennsylvania,philadelphia,medium,delaware,station,valley,wrnb
The Winter Triangle is an astronomical asterism formed from three of the brightest stars in the winter sky.	winter sky,bright star,astronomical asterism,winter triangle,winter,asterism,astronomical,bright,triangle,star
Beautiful Words is a play by the Australian playwright Sean Riley.	sean riley,playwright sean,australian playwright,beautiful words,words,sean,play,playwright,australian,beautiful,riley
Solar Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published approximately monthly by Springer Science+Business Media.	science+business media,springer science+business,scientific journal,solar physics,physics,science+business,peer,springer,scientific,monthly,journal,solar,media
Henrietta Szold was a U.S. Jewish Zionist leader and founder of Hadassah, the Women's Zionist Organization of America.	zionist organization,zionist leader,jewish zionist,u.s. jewish,henrietta szold,zionist,szold,u.s.,organization,jewish,founder,hadassah,leader,women,henrietta
The Grooves & Gravy Tour is a nationwide concert tour by American Rock band ZZ Top.	zz top,band zz,rock band,american rock,concert tour,nationwide concert,gravy tour,tour,band,gravy,rock,american,nationwide,concert,grooves
Darrell Walker is an American professional basketball coach and retired player.	basketball coach,professional basketball,american professional,darrell walker,walker,coach,american,basketball,professional,darrell,player
Cam-Pact was an Australian soul and psychedelic pop band which formed in April 1967.	pop band,psychedelic pop,australian soul,pact,band,australian,soul,psychedelic,april
Dog with a Blog is an American comedy television series that aired on Disney Channel, premiering on October 12, 2012, and ending on September 25, 2015.	disney channel,television series,comedy television,american comedy,american,october,comedy,channel,television,disney,series,blog,september
Long Lonely Nights is a song that was originally released by Lee Andrews & the Hearts in 1957.	lee andrews,lonely nights,long lonely,lonely,andrews,nights,song,long,hearts
It Never Rains in Southern California is a 1972 song written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hazlewood and sung by Hammond, a British-born singer-songwriter.	mike hazlewood,albert hammond,southern california,hammond,southern,singer,california,song,british,albert,mike,hazlewood,rains
Gene McDowell is a retired American college football coach.	football coach,college football,american college,retired american,gene mcdowell,mcdowell,football,retired,college,american,gene,coach
Simik Monastery is a Buddhist monastery in Sikkim, northeastern India.	northeastern india,buddhist monastery,simik monastery,monastery,northeastern,sikkim,india,simik,buddhist
Saint-Étienne-de-Cuines is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	eastern france,alpes region,savoie department,étienne,eastern,south,cuines,region,commune,alpes,savoie,rhône
Clara Thomas  was a Canadian academic.	canadian academic,clara thomas,thomas,canadian,clara,academic
Les Ilhes is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.	southern france,aude department,les ilhes,ilhes,southern,commune,department,aude,france
Loryma creperalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Loryma.	genus loryma,snout moth,loryma creperalis,loryma,creperalis,species,snout,moth,genus
Jason Rothenberg is an American television producer and writer, known for his work on The CW television series The 100.	television series,television producer,cw television,american television,jason rothenberg,television,rothenberg,american,writer,work,producer,jason,series
William Lundigan was an American film actor.	film actor,american film,william lundigan,lundigan,film,american,william,actor
Robert Gordon Williams is an English former professional footballer who played as an inside left.	inside left,professional footballer,gordon williams,robert gordon,gordon,inside,williams,footballer,english,professional,robert,left
The Del Mar Fairgrounds is a 370-acre property that is the site of the annual San Diego County Fair .	county fair,diego county,san diego,mar fairgrounds,annual san,del mar,county,fairgrounds,diego,property,site,annual,fair
In the Danish Folketing election of 1884, which was held on 25 June 1884, the approximate total votes and the actual seats won were:	actual seat,total vote,folketing election,approximate total,danish folketing,folketing,actual,election,vote,june,total,approximate,danish,seat
 References
Mackie, Thomas T. & Rose, Richard .	thomas,rose,mackie,richard
Bukovje Podvrško is a settlement in the Samobor administrative territory of Zagreb County, Croatia.	zagreb county,administrative territory,samobor administrative,bukovje podvrško,podvrško,county,settlement,zagreb,samobor,territory,administrative,bukovje,croatia
Strane is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	village,bosnia,municipality,pale,strane,herzegovina
Ilybius fenestratus is a species of beetle found in many countries in Europe.	fenestratus,country,species,beetle,ilybius,europe
The Hans Ottesen House, at 202 S. 200 West in Manti, Utah, was built in c.1865-1875.	ottesen house,hans ottesen,ottesen,utah,house,manti,west,hans
The men's team cross country event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1920 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,athletic programme,country event,field athletic,cross country,team cross,team,summer,cross,programme,country,athletic,event,field,track
John N. Nystrom was an American politician in the state of Iowa.	american politician,n. nystrom,john n.,state,nystrom,politician,american,john,iowa
The Croatian Christian Democrats is a Christian-democratic political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	political party,democratic political,christian democrats,croatian christian,christian,bosnia,party,democratic,political,herzegovina,croatian,democrats
A reset stylesheet is a collection of CSS rules used to clear formatting of HTML elements.	html element,css rule,reset stylesheet,stylesheet,html,collection,formatting,rule,reset,element
The Karen National Defence Organisation is one of two military branches of the Karen National Union , the second of which being the Karen National Liberation Army .	karen national,defence organisation,national defence,military branch,national union,liberation army,national liberation,national,karen,liberation,organisation,military,defence,branch,union,second,army
Single channel per carrier refers to using a single signal at a given frequency and bandwidth.	single signal,single channel,single,frequency,signal,channel,carrier,bandwidth
Max Holland is an American journalist, author, and the editor of Washington Decoded, an internet newsletter on US history that began publishing March 11, 2007.	us history,internet newsletter,washington decoded,american journalist,max holland,holland,history,american,journalist,newsletter,author,internet,editor,decoded
Croydon PCT was the Primary Care Trust with responsibility for the London Borough of Croydon, which covered parts of south west London and north Surrey.	north surrey,west london,london borough,south west,care trust,primary care,croydon pct,london,croydon,north,care,primary,trust,south,responsibility,part
Sami District is one of the districts of the Central River Division of the Gambia.	river division,central river,sami district,district,division,river,central,gambia,sami
Christiansburg station was an intercity rail station located in Christiansburg, Virginia.	rail station,intercity rail,christiansburg station,station,christiansburg,intercity,rail,virginia
The Battle of Grauholz on 5 March 1798 was a battle between a Bernese army under Karl Ludwig von Erlach against the French Revolutionary Army under Balthazar Alexis Henri Schauenburg.	henri schauenburg,alexis henri,balthazar alexis,revolutionary army,von erlach,french revolutionary,ludwig von,karl ludwig,bernese army,army,battle,henri,alexis,erlach,balthazar,ludwig,french,karl
Bülent Çetinaslan is a Turkish actor.	turkish actor,bülent çetinaslan,çetinaslan,turkish,bülent,actor
Protoneura cara, the orange-striped threadtail, is a species of threadtail in the family of damselflies known as Protoneuridae.	threadtail,cara,damselfly,orange,family,protoneura,protoneuridae,species
The Ludwig-Boltzmann-Institute for functional Brain Topography was a Research Institute for the investigation of the function of brain areas.	brain area,research institute,brain topography,functional brain,brain,institute,boltzmann,topography,function,research,investigation,functional,ludwig,area
Bungakuza is a Japanese theatre company.	theatre company,japanese theatre,japanese,theatre,bungakuza,company
Salahudin is an Indonesian retired footballer, who previously played for Barito Putera, Mitra Kalteng, PSS Sleman, and Persegi Gianyar.	persegi gianyar,pss sleman,mitra kalteng,barito putera,indonesian,persegi,footballer,sleman,barito,putera,kalteng,mitra,salahudin
Majhkot Siwalaya is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal.	central nepal,gandaki zone,syangja district,development committee,village development,majhkot siwalaya,siwalaya,central,village,zone,development,gandaki,committee,district,syangja,majhkot
Gaya Prasad Pal is an Indian anatomist, professor and the director of Modern Institute of Medical Sciences, Indore.	medical sciences,modern institute,indian anatomist,prasad pal,gaya prasad,prasad,sciences,medical,indian,institute,anatomist,modern,professor,director
Kale is a village in India.	village,kale,india
The 1990–91 Segunda División B season was the 14th since its establishment.	b season,división b,segunda división,segunda,división,season,establishment
Mir EP-3 was a week-long manned spaceflight to the Soviet space station Mir, during the long-duration expedition Mir EO-3.	expedition mir,station mir,duration expedition,space station,soviet space,manned spaceflight,spaceflight,manned,soviet,week,space,duration,station,long
The O'Rourke–McFadden Trophy was created in 2008 by the Boston College Gridiron Club to commemorate the tradition at Clemson and Boston College while honoring the legacy of Charlie O'Rourke and Banks McFadden.	boston college,gridiron club,college gridiron,banks mcfadden,charlie o'rourke,mcfadden trophy,college,boston,o'rourke,mcfadden,club,tradition,gridiron,clemson,legacy,charlie
The Pearl and Bess Meyer House is a historic house located at 233 E. 2nd St.	historic house,meyer house,bess meyer,house,bess,meyer,pearl,historic
Israel Octavio Hernández Pat  is a Mexican football manager and current assistant manager of Celaya of Ascenso MX.	ascenso mx,assistant manager,current assistant,football manager,hernández pat,mexican football,octavio hernández,israel octavio,manager,octavio,ascenso,hernández,mexican,celaya,football,current,assistant
 Career
Israel Octavio Hernández Pat  who never played professional football, assists Ricardo Valiño during his coaching stay with the Celaya from 2017.	coaching stay,ricardo valiño,professional football,hernández pat,octavio hernández,israel octavio,octavio,stay,hernández,coaching,valiño,professional,ricardo,football,israel
The TOVE project, acronym of TOronto Virtual Enterprise project is a project to develop an ontological framework for enterprise integration based on and suited for enterprise modeling.	enterprise modeling,enterprise integration,ontological framework,enterprise project,virtual enterprise,toronto virtual,tove project,enterprise,project,toronto,virtual,framework,acronym,ontological,integration,modeling,tove
The snow leopard , also known as the ounce, is a large cat native to the mountain ranges of Central and South Asia.	south asia,mountain range,cat native,large cat,snow leopard,leopard,south,ounce,central,large,range,mountain,native,snow
The Bent County Correctional Facility is a private medium-security prison for men located in Las Animas, Bent County, Colorado.	bent county,correctional facility,county correctional,private medium,security prison,las animas,county,security,prison,medium,private,facility,animas,bent
Quemadmodum is an encyclical of Pope Pius XII pleading for the care of the world's destitute children after World War II, given at St.	war ii,world war,destitute child,pius xii,pope pius,world,encyclical,pope,pius,care,destitute,child
Jacobo Arenas was a Colombian guerrilla leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia .	armed forces,revolutionary armed,guerrilla leader,colombian guerrilla,jacobo arenas,arenas,forces,colombian,armed,guerrilla,revolutionary,leader,jacobo,colombia
William O'Neill is a right-handed professional ten-pin bowler who competes on the PBA Tour in North America.	north america,pba tour,pin bowler,handed professional,william o'neill,o'neill,north,right,tour,handed,professional,bowler,william
The 2015–16 McNeese State Cowboys basketball team represented McNeese State University during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	mcneese state,basketball season,ncaa division,basketball team,cowboys basketball,state cowboys,state university,basketball,state,ncaa,division,university,team,mcneese,cowboys
Two-level utilitarianism is a utilitarian theory of ethics developed by R. M. Hare.	m. hare,r. m.,utilitarian theory,level utilitarianism,utilitarianism,utilitarian,theory,ethic,level,hare
You Complete Me is R&B song by American singer-songwriter Keyshia Cole.	keyshia cole,songwriter keyshia,american singer,r&b song,song,keyshia,american,songwriter,singer,cole
Erik Rudeng is a Norwegian historian, administrator, essayist and biographer.	norwegian historian,erik rudeng,rudeng,essayist,norwegian,administrator,historian,erik,biographer
The Gorgon-class monitors were a class of monitors in service with the Royal Navy during World War I. Gorgon and her sister ship Glatton were originally built as coastal defence ships for the Royal Norwegian Navy, as HNoMS Nidaros and HNoMS Bjørgvin respectively but requisitioned for British use.	british use,hnoms bjørgvin,hnoms nidaros,norwegian navy,royal norwegian,defence ship,ship glatton,coastal defence,sister ship,i. gorgon,navy,ship,royal,hnoms,gorgon,british,bjørgvin,monitor
Sonho de Valsa is a popular Brazilian bonbon made with chocolate and cashew nut filling.	cashew nut,brazilian bonbon,popular brazilian,de valsa,sonho de,cashew,valsa,chocolate,popular,bonbon,brazilian,sonho
P. K. Pokker is a Professor of Philosophy in Calicut University and former Director of State Institute of Languages Keralabhasha Institute Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.	institute thiruvananthapuram,keralabhasha institute,languages keralabhasha,state institute,calicut university,k. pokker,p. k.,institute,pokker,kerala,professor,philosophy,calicut,university,thiruvananthapuram,director
Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Srebotnik chose not to participate, and only Sugiyama competed that year.	ai sugiyama,katarina srebotnik,srebotnik,sugiyama,champion,katarina,year
General elections were held in Liechtenstein on 25 March 1962.	election,liechtenstein,general,march
Katia Buffetrille is a French ethnologist and tibetologist.	french ethnologist,katia buffetrille,buffetrille,ethnologist,french,katia,tibetologist
Rocknations is the young people's ministry of Life Church UK in Bradford, England, Belfast, Northern Ireland and Warsaw, Poland.	northern ireland,church uk,life church,young people,young,warsaw,people,ireland,ministry,northern,life,belfast,church,england
White Horse Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located in Douglassville, Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	berks county,amity township,historic inn,horse tavern,white horse,tavern,county,berks,township,horse,amity,douglassville,historic,pennsylvania
The Burton–Blackstone–Carey Store is a historic commercial building at 103 State Street in Millsboro, Delaware.	state street,commercial building,historic commercial,carey store,blackstone,millsboro,carey,street,store,state,historic,building,commercial,burton
Regina Charlotta Theodora Lund is a Swedish actress and singer.	swedish actress,theodora lund,charlotta theodora,regina charlotta,charlotta,actress,theodora,swedish,lund,regina,singer
The Moon Lake, also known as the West Lake, is a man-made lake in Haishu District, Ningbo, China.	haishu district,west lake,moon lake,lake,ningbo,district,haishu,china,moon,west
The typical honeycreeper is a small bird in the tanager family.	tanager family,small bird,typical honeycreeper,honeycreeper,tanager,small,bird,typical,family
Malta participated in the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan.	summer,tokyo,paralympics,malta,japan
James Craven was an Irish poet.	irish poet,james craven,craven,irish,james,poet
Vicente Ramón Guerrero Saldaña ; August 10, 1782 – February 14, 1831) was one of the leading revolutionary generals of the Mexican War of Independence.	mexican war,revolutionary general,guerrero saldaña,ramón guerrero,vicente ramón,ramón,guerrero,mexican,saldaña,general,august,revolutionary,february,vicente
Jean-Luc Rabanel is a French chef, two stars at the Guide Michelin.	guide michelin,french chef,luc rabanel,guide,rabanel,star,french,chef,jean,michelin
Black Raven is a German band from Düsseldorf.	german band,black raven,raven,band,german,black,düsseldorf
Wickberg is a surname.	wickberg,surname
When the Birds Fly South is a lost race fantasy novel by American writer Stanton A. Coblentz, defined a "significant tale ...	significant tale,a. coblentz,stanton a.,writer stanton,american writer,fantasy novel,race fantasy,fly south,birds fly,significant,south,coblentz,race,fantasy,stanton,novel,writer
The Odesa National Academy of Food Technologies is a Ukrainian academy in Odesa.	ukrainian academy,food technologies,national academy,odesa national,academy,technologies,food,ukrainian,odesa,national
Umesh Karunaratne is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer.	class cricketer,sri lankan,umesh karunaratne,karunaratne,class,lankan,umesh,cricketer
Paul Hentzner was a German lawyer who published an account of his travels in England during the late Elizabethan era.	elizabethan era,late elizabethan,german lawyer,paul hentzner,hentzner,elizabethan,german,late,lawyer,england,account,travel,paul
Nuvsfjorden is a fjord in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark, Norway.	fjord,finnmark,municipality,loppa,nuvsfjorden,norway
This page lists English translations of notable Latin phrases, such as veni vidi vici and et cetera.	et cetera,vidi vici,veni vidi,latin phrase,notable latin,english translation,english,translation,vici,notable,vidi,latin,veni,phrase,page
Sylviane Telliez is a former French track and field who competed in short sprints.	short sprint,french track,sylviane telliez,telliez,short,french,field,track,sylviane,sprint
Geden Sheddup Choikorling Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Elista, Republic of Kalmykia, Russia.	buddhist monastery,tibetan buddhist,choikorling monastery,sheddup choikorling,geden sheddup,monastery,kalmykia,sheddup,republic,choikorling,elista,tibetan,buddhist,russia,geden
Zabit Akhmedovich Magomedsharipov is a Russian mixed martial artist of Avar ethnicity, currently competing in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	fighting championship,ultimate fighting,featherweight division,avar ethnicity,martial artist,akhmedovich magomedsharipov,zabit akhmedovich,akhmedovich,fighting,magomedsharipov,ultimate,russian,division,martial,featherweight,artist,ethnicity
Sōtarō Yasui was a Japanese painter, noted for development of yōga portraiture in early twentieth-century Japanese painting.	japanese painting,century japanese,early twentieth,yōga portraiture,japanese painter,sōtarō yasui,japanese,yasui,portraiture,yōga,early,development,twentieth,painter,century,sōtarō
The Podocalyceae is a tribe of plants under the family Picrodendraceae.	tribe,family,plant,podocalyceae,picrodendraceae
The Yellowknifer is a newspaper based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories and owned by Northern News Services.	news services,northern news,northwest territories,newspaper,news,yellowknife,northern,northwest,territories,yellowknifer,services
Heart East Anglia is a local radio station owned and operated by Global Radio as part of the Heart network.	heart network,global radio,radio station,local radio,east anglia,heart east,radio,heart,east,anglia,local,station,global,network
The Finlandia Trophy is an annual senior-level international figure skating competition held in Finland.	skating competition,figure skating,international figure,level international,annual senior,finlandia trophy,trophy,competition,annual,skating,senior,figure,level,international,finlandia,finland
Gustav Jacob Born was a German histologist and author.	german histologist,jacob born,gustav jacob,jacob,histologist,born,german,gustav,author
The Waipa Foundation is a non-profit organization which sponsors a program called ʻAina Ulu , funded by Kamehameha Schools.	kamehameha schools,ʻaina ulu,profit organization,waipa foundation,foundation,kamehameha,profit,ʻaina,organization,program,waipa,schools
Kelly Skipper is an American football coach who is currently the running backs coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League .	football league,national football,buffalo bills,back coach,football coach,american football,kelly skipper,football,coach,skipper,american,bills,buffalo,national,kelly,back,league
There have been 23 Formula One drivers from South Africa, with 18 of them having started at least one Grand Prix, and only 4 of them having started more than four races.	grand prix,south africa,driver,prix,south,grand,africa,formula,race
Flying is the fifth single by the Liverpool britpop band Cast, fronted by ex La's bassist John Power.	john power,band cast,bassist john,britpop band,liverpool britpop,fifth single,single,john,liverpool,bassist,britpop,band,cast,fifth,power
Chef Jeremiah, also known as Chef Jeremiah Bullfrog, is a television personality, chef, and food truck owner based in Miami, Florida.	truck owner,chef jeremiah,food truck,television personality,jeremiah bullfrog,chef,miami,owner,truck,food,bullfrog,television,jeremiah,personality,florida
The District Councils Act 1887 was an act of the Parliament of South Australia.	south australia,councils act,district councils,south,councils,parliament,australia,district
Edward W. North was the twenty-first mayor of Charleston, South Carolina, serving three consecutive terms from 1833 to 1836.	consecutive term,south carolina,w. north,edward w.,consecutive,north,carolina,mayor,south,charleston,edward,term
The cycling competitions of the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo will feature 22 events.Cycling competitions had been contested in every Summer Olympics programme since the first modern Olympiad in 1896 alongside athletics, artistic gymnastics, fencing and swimming.	cycling competition,summer olympics,artistic gymnastic,modern olympiad,olympics programme,olympics,fencing,gymnastic,artistic,athletic,olympiad,modern,cycling,competition,event
The GAT convoys were a series of Caribbean convoys which ran during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II.They take their name from the route: Guantanamo, Cuba to Curaçao, Aruba and Trinidad	war ii.they,world war,caribbean convoy,gat convoy,convoy,aruba,curaçao,cuba,guantanamo,route,ii.they,world,atlantic
 Overview
The GAT series was the reverse of TAG series that ran from August 1942 until 18 May 1945.	tag series,gat series,series,august,reverse
Rao Inderjit Singh is an Indian politician and a Minister of State in the Government of India.	indian politician,inderjit singh,rao inderjit,inderjit,government,singh,state,indian,minister,politician,india
The Battle of Long Island was a decisive British victory early in the American Revolutionary War over American forces under the command of Major General George Washington, and the opening battle in a successful British campaign to gain control of New York City in 1776.	york city,british campaign,new york,successful british,george washington,opening battle,general george,american force,major general,revolutionary war,british,american,battle,york,control,general,george,major,washington
The Maria Bassett House is a historic house at 8 College Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.	college avenue,historic house,bassett house,maria bassett,house,arlington,bassett,avenue,college,massachusetts,maria,historic
The Cranmer Centre was a historic building in Christchurch, New Zealand.	new zealand,historic building,cranmer centre,centre,historic,christchurch,building,cranmer,zealand
The Boadicea Fillies' Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to mares and fillies aged three years or over.	britain open,great britain,horse race,flat horse,listed flat,boadicea fillies,fillies,filly,stakes,mare,listed,open,flat,britain,horse,great
Curibaya District is one of six districts of the province Candarave in Peru.	province candarave,curibaya district,district,candarave,province,peru,curibaya
2006 French Open – Mixed Doubles was an event at the 2006 French Open.	french open,mixed doubles,french,open,mixed,doubles,event
Howth Junction & Donaghmede railway station serves the area of Donaghmede, and parts of Kilbarrack in Dublin.	railway station,donaghmede railway,howth junction,donaghmede,kilbarrack,junction,part,station,railway,area,dublin,howth
Neil Andrew Howe Fox is an English radio DJ and television presenter, known for many years as Dr Fox before he became "Foxy" in the 2000s.	dr fox,television presenter,radio dj,english radio,howe fox,andrew howe,neil andrew,andrew,howe,television,presenter,radio,year,english
Agon is an ancient Greek term for a struggle or contest.	greek term,ancient greek,ancient,term,greek,agon,struggle
John E. Bendix was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War who commanded two different New York regiments and then a brigade of infantry in Army of the Potomac in the Eastern Theater.	eastern theater,york regiment,new york,different new,civil war,american civil,union army,e. bendix,john e.,army,eastern,bendix,officer,potomac,different,york
John Duff, born John McElduff, or John Michael McElduff, because early court records referred to him as John Michael Duff , was a counterfeiter, criminal gang leader, horse thief, cattle thief, hog thief, salt maker, longhunter, scout, and soldier who assisted in George Rogers Clark's campaign to capture the Illinois country for the American rebel side during the Revolutionary War.	revolutionary war,american rebel,illinois country,rogers clark,john michael,salt maker,cattle thief,george rogers,horse thief,gang leader,thief,john,revolutionary,duff,mcelduff,michael,rebel,american,country,illinois
Pederneira is a former village in Portugal, and currently part of the larger city of Nazaré, Portugal on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.	atlantic ocean,large city,portugal,atlantic,village,coast,city,large,nazaré,ocean,pederneira
Kararhynchus is an extinct genus of beetles.	extinct,genus,kararhynchus,beetle
Where I Am is a song performed by Danish-Australian singer Anja Nissen.	anja nissen,singer anja,australian singer,danish,anja,australian,singer,song,nissen
Mazraeh-ye Jafarabad is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	fars province,neyriz county,qatruyeh district,rural district,rizab rural,ye jafarabad,district,province,jafarabad,fars,village,county,rizab,neyriz,rural
Heather Nicole Erickson is an American Paralympic volleyballist.	paralympic volleyballist,american paralympic,nicole erickson,heather nicole,nicole,paralympic,erickson,american,heather,volleyballist
Jhorhat is a census town in Sankrail CD Block of Howrah Sadar subdivision in Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	west bengal,indian state,howrah district,sadar subdivision,howrah sadar,cd block,sankrail cd,census town,howrah,census,west,town,state,sankrail,indian,district,block
Absentia is a 2011 American independent supernatural horror film written, edited and directed by Mike Flanagan and produced by FallBack Plan Productions.	plan productions,fallback plan,mike flanagan,horror film,supernatural horror,independent supernatural,american independent,american,plan,independent,fallback,supernatural,flanagan,horror,mike,film,absentia
Baker & Myers was an American country music duo composed of singer-songwriters Gary Baker and Frank J. Myers, who first worked as songwriters for other country music artists; one of their most notable compositions is John Michael Montgomery's 1994 crossover hit "I Swear", which won the Grammy Award for Best Country song a year later; this song was later recorded by pop group All-4-One as well.	country music,country song,pop group,michael montgomery,good country,grammy award,j. myers,john michael,music duo,country,songwriter,myers,song,music,baker,group,michael,montgomery
Travellin' Still...Always Will is a studio album released by Australian country music singer Slim Dusty and his daughter Anne Kirkpatrick.	anne kirkpatrick,slim dusty,daughter anne,singer slim,music singer,country music,australian country,studio album,studio,anne,album,daughter,australian,dusty,country,slim,music,singer
Horvatia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	genus,family,plant,orchid,horvatia,orchidaceae
Diego Llopis Caules was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a defender.	professional footballer,spanish professional,llopis caules,diego llopis,llopis,footballer,caules,professional,spanish,diego,defender
Dar-Naim is a suburb of Nouakchott and urban commune in western Mauritania.	western mauritania,urban commune,naim,western,suburb,commune,nouakchott,urban,mauritania
Rochford railway station is on the Shenfield to Southend Line in the East of England, serving the town of Rochford, Essex.	railway station,rochford railway,rochford,line,shenfield,east,station,england,railway,town,essex
The France women's national handball team is the national team of France.	national team,handball team,national handball,france woman,national,team,france,woman,handball
Solandra is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family, Solanaceae.	genus,family,plant,nightshade,solandra,solanaceae
Shortland Street is a long-running New Zealand soap opera that has been broadcast on TVNZ 2 since May 25, 1992.	soap opera,zealand soap,new zealand,shortland street,street,tvnz,opera,zealand,soap,shortland
Human Resource Machine is a visual programming-based puzzle video game developed by Tomorrow Corporation.	tomorrow corporation,video game,puzzle video,visual programming,resource machine,human resource,resource,tomorrow,machine,game,visual,video,programming,puzzle,human,corporation
The European Tenpin Bowling Federation is a Ten-pin bowling organisation that hosts the worldwide prestigious European Bowling Tour , similar to that of the tour held by the Professional Bowlers Association .	bowlers association,bowling tour,professional bowlers,european bowling,prestigious european,bowling federation,worldwide prestigious,bowling organisation,tenpin bowling,european tenpin,bowling,tour,european,bowlers,professional,worldwide,prestigious,organisation,federation
George Hodge  was an Australian-born cricketer who played one match of first-class cricket for Wellington during the 1907-08 New Zealand cricket season.	cricket season,zealand cricket,new zealand,class cricket,george hodge,cricket,hodge,australian,cricketer,match,class,wellington,zealand,george
Edinburgh Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Edinburgh, Johnson County, Indiana.	historic district,national historic,johnson county,commercial historic,edinburgh commercial,edinburgh,historic,district,county,johnson,commercial,national,indiana
The D. António Francisco dos Santos Bridge is a proposed bridge that will span the River Douro between the cities of Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia in Portugal.Following a meeting between Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia councils agreed to build a seventh bridge over the Douro river and name it after the former bishop of Porto António Francisco dos Santos.	antónio francisco,vila nova,santos bridge,river douro,gaia council,seventh bridge,douro river,porto antónio,d. antónio,porto,bridge,antónio,gaia,river,douro,nova,portugal,francisco,council
Make the Yuletide Gay is a 2009 American Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Rob Williams about a gay college student who is out at school, but is afraid to reveal his sexual orientation to his parents.	sexual orientation,college student,gay college,rob williams,comedy film,romantic comedy,american christmas,yuletide gay,orientation,sexual,afraid,school,student,comedy,romantic,film,christmas
Ilana Davidson is an American operatic soprano who has had an active international singing career in operas and concerts.	singing career,international singing,operatic soprano,active international,american operatic,ilana davidson,davidson,opera,american,career,operatic,singing,soprano,international,active,ilana
George Featherstone was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League .	football league,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,george featherstone,featherstone,football,australian,victorian,rule,fitzroy,footballer,george,league
Srđa Trifković ; born 19 July 1954), also known as Srdja Trifković and Serge Trifkovic, is a Serbian-American writer on international affairs and foreign affairs editor for the paleoconservative magazine Chronicles.	magazine chronicle,paleoconservative magazine,affair editor,foreign affair,international affair,american writer,serge trifkovic,srdja trifković,srđa trifković,trifković,affair,magazine,paleoconservative,editor,international,writer,american,serbian,trifkovic
Isabel Zedlacher is an Austrian snowboarder.	austrian snowboarder,isabel zedlacher,zedlacher,austrian,isabel,snowboarder
The Hurum Line was a proposed railway line which would have connected Røyken and Hurum in Buskerud, Norway.	railway line,hurum line,line,hurum,buskerud,røyken,norway,railway
Moyu County as the official romanized name, also transliterated from Uyghur as Karakax County , is a county in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is located in the southern edge of Tarim basin, it is under the administration of the Hotan Prefecture.	hotan prefecture,tarim basin,southern edge,autonomous region,uyghur autonomous,xinjiang uyghur,karakax county,moyu county,county,uyghur,hotan,administration,basin,tarim,edge,southern,region,autonomous
Koszajny  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	northern poland,masurian voivodeship,ostróda county,gmina małdyty,administrative district,village,northern,administrative,voivodeship,district,masurian,gmina,warmian,małdyty,county
Cymindis etrusca is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae.	subfamily harpalinae,ground beetle,cymindis etrusca,etrusca,subfamily,species,beetle,ground,cymindis,harpalinae
An obituary is a news article that reports the recent death of a person, typically along with an account of the person's life and information about the upcoming funeral.	upcoming funeral,recent death,news article,person,news,upcoming,article,information,recent,life,death,obituary,funeral
Jacqueline Rose "Jacqui" Freney  is an Australian Paralympic swimmer.	paralympic swimmer,australian paralympic,jacqueline rose,rose,paralympic,jacqui,australian,freney,jacqueline,swimmer
Khayrabad is a town in northwestern Tajikistan.	town,northwestern,khayrabad,tajikistan
Svein Koningen is an abstract expressionist painter born in Trondheim Norway, childhood in Amsterdam, education in Australia, lives and works in Bruges, Belgium.	trondheim norway,expressionist painter,abstract expressionist,svein koningen,koningen,bruges,abstract,australia,expressionist,education,painter,amsterdam,trondheim,childhood
Girija Dam, is an earthfill dam on Girija river near Khultabad, Aurangabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	aurangabad district,girija river,earthfill dam,girija dam,maharashtra,girija,state,river,district,khultabad,aurangabad,earthfill,india
The 2002 Virginia Tech Hokies football team represented the Virginia Tech in the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season.	virginia tech,football team,hokies football,tech hokies,football season,ncaa division,football,tech,team,division,virginia,ncaa,hokies,season
The 2007 ICC World Twenty20 was the inaugural Twenty20 International cricket world championship, contested in South Africa from 11 to 24 September 2007.	south africa,world championship,cricket world,international cricket,icc world,world,africa,south,championship,international,cricket,september,inaugural
Julio Eduardo Mázzaro is a former Argentine professional basketball player.	basketball player,professional basketball,argentine professional,eduardo mázzaro,julio eduardo,eduardo,basketball,mázzaro,professional,argentine,julio,player
Tullie McAdoo was an American baseball first baseman in the Negro Leagues.	negro leagues,american baseball,tullie mcadoo,mcadoo,negro,american,baseman,baseball,tullie,leagues
Eleanora Frances Bliss Knopf was a geologist who worked for the United States Geological Survey and did research in the Appalachians during the first two decades of the twentieth century.	twentieth century,geological survey,states geological,bliss knopf,united states,frances bliss,eleanora frances,frances,twentieth,bliss,decade,knopf,appalachians,geologist,research,united,survey
Oscinellinae is a subfamily of frit flies in the family Chloropidae.	family chloropidae,frit fly,subfamily,family,frit,oscinellinae,chloropidae
The so-called Iranian sex tape scandal involves the public outcry and judicial proceedings against Zahra Amir Ebrahimi, an actress who appeared in the soap opera Nargess, and an associate producer, accused of appearing together in an explicit sex tape, allegedly filmed for private consumption with a camcorder, a serious crime under Iranian law.	sex tape,tape scandal,amir ebrahimi,public outcry,judicial proceeding,zahra amir,opera nargess,soap opera,associate producer,iranian law,iranian,tape,ebrahimi,actress,amir,zahra,soap,opera,proceeding
Bonnier is a surname.	bonnier,surname
Alexander Mackennal was a British Nonconformist minister.	nonconformist minister,british nonconformist,alexander mackennal,mackennal,nonconformist,british,alexander,minister
With an average of three foreign journeys per year from 2006 to 2009, Pope Benedict XVI was as active in visiting other countries as his predecessor, John Paul II, was at the same age from 1999 to 2002.	paul ii,benedict xvi,john paul,pope benedict,foreign journey,foreign,journey,paul,year,john,pope,predecessor,benedict,country
Chukarovo is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	southern bulgaria,haskovo province,village,southern,municipality,province,topolovgrad,haskovo,chukarovo,bulgaria
Narosa is a genus of moths of the family Limacodidae described by Francis Walker in 1855.	francis walker,family limacodidae,genus,francis,moth,limacodidae,family,narosa,walker
António de Oliveira Salazar ; 28 April 1889 – 27 July 1970) was a Portuguese statesman who served as Prime Minister of Portugal from 1932 to 1968.	prime minister,portuguese statesman,oliveira salazar,de oliveira,antónio de,minister,oliveira,prime,salazar,statesman,april,portuguese,july,antónio
Hans Henry Konig was an American banker of German ancestry, who became a naturalised British citizen and was a partner in two British banks in the early twentieth century.	twentieth century,early twentieth,british citizen,british bank,naturalised british,german ancestry,american banker,henry konig,hans henry,british,henry,twentieth,konig,american,early,banker,german,ancestry,bank
Mustang Country is a 1976 Western film directed by John C. Champion.	c. champion,john c.,western film,mustang country,country,western,john,film,mustang,champion
Crassula lactea known as Taylor's Parches is a perennial flowering plant native to southern Africa.	southern africa,plant native,flowering plant,perennial flowering,crassula lactea,lactea,southern,taylor,native,parch,plant,perennial,flowering,crassula,africa
Andrea Veggio is an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.	catholic church,roman catholic,italian prelate,andrea veggio,veggio,catholic,italian,roman,prelate,andrea,church
Austrian Uruguayans are people born in Austria who live in Uruguay or Uruguayan-born people of Austrian descent.	austrian descent,austrian uruguayans,people,austrian,uruguay,austria,uruguayan,uruguayans,descent
South Asian cinema refers to the cinema of Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.	sri lanka,asian cinema,south asian,cinema,pakistan,asian,nepal,maldives,india,bhutan,bangladesh,lanka
John Bernard Larroquette is an American actor.	american actor,bernard larroquette,john bernard,bernard,american,larroquette,john,actor
The TIM Trophy is an annual football pre-season tournament played by three Italian football teams.	football team,italian football,season tournament,football pre,annual football,tim trophy,football,trophy,annual,season,tournament,italian,team
Mauritius–Pakistan relations refer to bilateral relations between Mauritius and Pakistan.	bilateral relation,pakistan relation,relation,mauritius,pakistan,bilateral
Eldon Price is an American college basketball coach.	basketball coach,college basketball,american college,eldon price,price,basketball,american,college,eldon,coach
Hasırağacı is a village in the District of Karataş, Adana Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,adana,karataş,hasırağacı,turkey
Tullio Forgiarini is a Luxembourgian writer.	luxembourgian writer,tullio forgiarini,forgiarini,luxembourgian,tullio,writer
The Sanctuary of the Santissima Annunziata is a Baroque Roman Catholic church in Gaeta, region of Lazio, Italy.	catholic church,roman catholic,baroque roman,santissima annunziata,santissima,lazio,annunziata,region,baroque,gaeta,roman,church,catholic,sanctuary
Bundesautobahn 656 is an autobahn in Germany.	autobahn,bundesautobahn,germany
The Halfpint Range is a low arcuate mountain range in eastern Nye County and extending into southwest Lincoln County, Nevada.	lincoln county,nye county,southwest lincoln,eastern nye,mountain range,arcuate mountain,low arcuate,halfpint range,range,county,arcuate,mountain,eastern,southwest,lincoln,halfpint
The list of chapters on Dragon Half, a manga by Ryūsuke Mita.	ryūsuke mita,dragon half,chapter,ryūsuke,dragon,manga,half,list,mita
Élisabeth Cibot is a French sculptor and art historian.	art historian,french sculptor,élisabeth cibot,cibot,french,sculptor,élisabeth,historian
Rosemary Johnson was a British actress.	british actress,rosemary johnson,johnson,british,rosemary,actress
The British High Commission in Ottawa, Ontario is the main diplomatic mission of the United Kingdom in Canada.	united kingdom,diplomatic mission,main diplomatic,high commission,british high,high,kingdom,commission,united,ottawa,mission,ontario,diplomatic,main,british
Mono Esi is the debut album by Greek musician Giannis Ploutarhos, released in 1999 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus.	minos emi,giannis ploutarhos,musician giannis,greek musician,debut album,mono esi,greece,debut,album,minos,greek,ploutarhos,musician,giannis
Dale Wood is an Australian racing driver who currently co-drives for Tim Blanchard Racing's No.	blanchard racing,racing driver,tim blanchard,australian racing,dale wood,racing,wood,australian,drive,driver,blanchard,dale
Lennart Thy is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Dutch team PEC Zwolle.	pec zwolle,team pec,dutch team,german footballer,lennart thy,german,team,footballer,dutch,striker,lennart,zwolle
Elliott R. Brown from the University of California, Los Angeles, was awarded the status of Fellow in the American Physical Society, after they were nominated by their Forum on Industrial and Applied Physics in 2007, for breakthroughs in THz science and technology including new solid-state coherent sources: resonant-tunneling oscillators, and photomixers; new detectors based on single-crystal, semimetal-semiconductor junctions; and high-resolution spectroscopy of solids.	resolution spectroscopy,semiconductor junction,new detector,tunneling oscillator,coherent source,state coherent,new solid,physical society,thz science,applied physics,solid,brown,university,california,angeles,status,fellow
Irish euro coins all share the same design by Jarlath Hayes, that of the harp, a traditional symbol for Ireland since the Middle Ages, based on that of the Brian Boru harp, housed in Trinity College, Dublin.	trinity college,boru harp,middle ages,brian boru,traditional symbol,jarlath hayes,euro coin,irish euro,harp,euro,college,coin,design,trinity,jarlath,middle,ireland,ages
Felli is a village and a community of the Grevena municipality.	village,grevena,community,felli,municipality
Supplementary eye field is the name for the anatomical area of the dorsal medial frontal lobe of the primate cerebral cortex that is indirectly involved in the control of saccadic eye movements.	eye movement,cerebral cortex,saccadic eye,primate cerebral,frontal lobe,medial frontal,dorsal medial,anatomical area,eye field,supplementary eye,frontal,lobe,medial,primate,dorsal,cerebral,area,cortex,anatomical
Poleconomy is a board game invented by New Zealander Bruce E. Hatherley and first published in 1980.	e. hatherley,bruce e.,zealander bruce,new zealander,board game,board,game,bruce,zealander,poleconomy,hatherley
Nadavapalli is a village, located in East Godavari district in Katrenikona, in Andhra Pradesh state.	pradesh state,andhra pradesh,godavari district,east godavari,village,pradesh,east,andhra,godavari,katrenikona,district,nadavapalli,state
Yanbian International Academy is a K-12 international school in Yanji, Yanbian, China.	international school,international academy,yanbian international,international,yanbian,yanji,school,academy,china
Brazoria County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas.	u.s. state,brazoria county,county,state,u.s.,texas,brazoria
The 18th Gran Premio del Mediterraneo , was the Round Ten of the 1979 European Championship for F2 Drivers.	del mediterraneo,european championship,premio del,gran premio,gran,premio,championship,european,mediterraneo,round,drivers
Meda-Ela is a village in Sri Lanka.	village,meda,lanka
Nadeem Razi is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from May 2013 to May 2018.	provincial assembly,pakistani politician,nadeem razi,razi,pakistani,politician,member,provincial,assembly,sindh,nadeem
Gary Leslie Hooper, MBE is an Australian Paralympic competitor.	paralympic competitor,australian paralympic,leslie hooper,gary leslie,leslie,paralympic,hooper,australian,gary,competitor
Nude & Rude: The Best of Iggy Pop is a compilation album by Iggy Pop.	iggy pop,compilation album,iggy,rude,good,compilation,album,nude
Jay Clark was the head coach of the women's Georgia gymnastics program at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia.	gymnastic program,georgia gymnastic,head coach,jay clark,georgia,clark,head,coach,woman,program,gymnastic,university,athens
Pirajubaé Marine Extractive Reserve is an extractive reserve in the state of Santa Catarina, Brazil, created in 1993.	extractive reserve,santa catarina,marine extractive,pirajubaé marine,marine,catarina,extractive,santa,reserve,state,pirajubaé,brazil
Rusko Selo is a village in northeastern Serbia, located within the Kikinda municipality, North Banat District, Vojvodina.	banat district,north banat,kikinda municipality,northeastern serbia,rusko selo,selo,district,village,banat,northeastern,north,serbia,municipality,kikinda,rusko
Mark Allan Gilliver is a former English cricketer.	english cricketer,allan gilliver,mark allan,allan,english,gilliver,mark,cricketer
The Grand View Beach Railway 	beach railway,view beach,grand view,view,beach,grand,railway
was a scenic electric street railway along 	street railway,electric street,scenic electric,electric,street,scenic,railway
the shore of Lake Ontario from the village 	lake,ontario,shore,village
of Ontario Beach, a suburb of Rochester, to Manitou Beach.	manitou beach,ontario beach,beach,rochester,suburb,manitou,ontario
Ecological engineering uses ecology and engineering to predict, design, construct or restore, and manage ecosystems that integrate "human society with its natural environment for the benefit of both".	natural environment,human society,ecological engineering,engineering,environment,natural,design,society,ecosystem,human,benefit,ecological,ecology
Collective motion is defined as the spontaneous emergence of ordered movement in a system consisting of a large number of self-propelled agents.	large number,spontaneous emergence,collective motion,motion,self,spontaneous,number,emergence,large,movement,system,collective,agent
Pandora is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.	dc comics,comic book,american comic,fictional character,fictional,character,book,american,comic,pandora,comics
Nasrabad is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,south khorasan,khusf county,central district,rural district,khusf rural,khusf,district,province,khorasan,village,south,county,rural,iran,nasrabad
The Occidental–Whittier football rivalry is a college football rivalry between the Occidental College Tigers and the Whittier College Poets, both members of the Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.	athletic conference,football rivalry,intercollegiate athletic,college poets,california intercollegiate,southern california,whittier college,college tigers,college football,occidental college,college,whittier,athletic,intercollegiate,california,southern,rivalry,occidental,football,member
The Berlaymont ) is an office building in Brussels, Belgium, that houses the headquarters of the European Commission, which is the executive of the European Union .	european union,european commission,office building,european,office,building,brussels,belgium,headquarters,commission,executive,berlaymont,union
The Governor's Mansion , also known as Kuklin House is a building in Tobolsk, Russia.	mansion,tobolsk,kuklin,building,house,governor,russia
Theater Dortmund is a theatrical organization that produces operas, musicals, ballets, plays, and concerts in Dortmund, Germany.	theatrical organization,theater dortmund,dortmund,musical,opera,ballet,organization,play,theatrical,concert,theater,germany
A medical condition is a broad term that includes all diseases and disorders.	broad term,medical condition,condition,disease,broad,term,medical,disorder
The List of World War II military units of Germany contains all military units to serve with the armed forces of Germany during World War II.	military unit,war ii,world war,ii military,armed force,germany,world,military,unit,armed,force,list
Major units above corps level are listed here.	corps level,major unit,unit,corps,major,level
The Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the People's Republic of China is the ambassador of Ukraine to China.	ukraine,ambassador,china,extraordinary,republic,plenipotentiary,people
Ansells Brewery was a regional brewery founded in Aston, Birmingham, England in 1858.	regional brewery,ansells brewery,brewery,birmingham,aston,england,ansells,regional
Huang Shaohong was a warlord in Guangxi province and governed Guangxi as part of the New Guangxi Clique through the latter part of the Warlord era, and a leader in later years of the Republic of China.	later year,warlord era,guangxi clique,new guangxi,guangxi province,huang shaohong,guangxi,warlord,republic,year,later,shaohong,leader,clique,china
The MAPK/ERK pathway is a chain of proteins in the cell that communicates a signal from a receptor on the surface of the cell to the DNA in the cell nucleus.	cell nucleus,erk pathway,cell,pathway,chain,protein,receptor,signal,surface,mapk
Sugako Hashida  is a Japanese scriptwriter.	japanese scriptwriter,sugako hashida,hashida,japanese,sugako,scriptwriter
Botyodes fraterna is a moth in the family Crambidae.	family crambidae,botyode fraterna,fraterna,family,moth,botyode,crambidae
KLRK is a commercial AM radio station, paired with an FM relay translator, broadcasting a Sports radio format.	radio format,relay translator,sports radio,radio station,fm relay,am radio,commercial am,radio,commercial,relay,translator,station,sports,klrk,format
Bromus kalmii, the Arctic brome or Prairie brome, is a species of brome grass.	brome grass,prairie brome,arctic brome,brome,arctic,bromus,prairie,species,grass
Terryglass is a village in County Tipperary, Ireland.	village,tipperary,county,terryglass,ireland
Martello towers, sometimes known simply as Martellos, are small defensive forts that were built across the British Empire during the 19th century, from the time of the French Revolutionary Wars onwards.	revolutionary wars,french revolutionary,british empire,defensive fort,small defensive,martello tower,tower,revolutionary,martellos,french,small,time,defensive,century,fort
Narhari Amin is a politician from Gujarat state of India.	gujarat state,narhari amin,amin,state,politician,gujarat,narhari,india
Kolyvan is an urban locality and the administrative center of Kolyvansky District of Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Ob River 40 kilometers to the north of Novosibirsk.	ob river,novosibirsk oblast,kolyvansky district,administrative center,urban locality,novosibirsk,urban,locality,administrative,center,kolyvansky,river,russia,kilometer
Events from the year 1930 in Ireland.	year,event,ireland
Brimpsfield Castle was a castle in the village of 	castle,brimpsfield,village
Brimpsfield in the county of Gloucestershire, England, between Gloucester and Cirencester.	county,gloucester,gloucestershire,england,brimpsfield,cirencester
Samantha Elizabeth "Sam" Faiers is an English television personality and model.	television personality,english television,samantha elizabeth,elizabeth,personality,television,faiers,english,samantha,model
Albert Lincoln Washburn was an American geomorphologist studying permafrost.	american geomorphologist,lincoln washburn,albert lincoln,lincoln,geomorphologist,washburn,american,albert,permafrost
The name Cimaron has been used to name four tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	pacific ocean,northwestern pacific,tropical cyclone,tropical,pacific,cyclone,northwestern,cimaron,ocean
A carrel desk is a small desk featuring high sides meant to visually isolate its user from any surroundings either partially or totally.	high side,small desk,carrel desk,desk,user,side,high,surrounding,carrel,small
Johnathon Schaech is an American actor, writer and producer.	american actor,johnathon schaech,schaech,writer,american,actor,johnathon,producer
The Odinov culture is the beginning of the Bronze Age archeological culture of foot hunters named after the settlement Odino in the basin of lower Ishim river in Western Siberia.	western siberia,ishim river,settlement odino,low ishim,foot hunter,archeological culture,age archeological,bronze age,odinov culture,culture,western,river,ishim,basin,odino,settlement,hunter,bronze
Sir George Browne was the eldest surviving son and heir of Sir Thomas Browne, beheaded 20 July 1460.	thomas browne,sir thomas,george browne,sir george,browne,heir,george,thomas,july
The Quartet Sessions is the fifth studio album by Australian tenor, Mark Vincent.	mark vincent,australian tenor,studio album,fifth studio,quartet sessions,sessions,mark,fifth,tenor,studio,australian,album,quartet,vincent
Crowleymass was an EP released in 1987 by the English group Current 93, led by David Tibet.	david tibet,group current,english group,david,english,current,group,crowleymass,tibet
Little Thirteen is a 2012 German drama film directed by Christian Klandt.	christian klandt,drama film,german drama,little thirteen,thirteen,christian,german,film,drama,little,klandt
Fictional actuaries and the appearance of actuaries in works of fiction have been the subject of a number of articles in actuarial journals.	actuarial journal,fictional actuary,actuary,actuarial,article,work,number,fiction,subject,journal,fictional,appearance
William Charles "Bill" Anton (c.	charles,anton,bill,william
ONErpm is a digital distribution service and fan engagement platform founded in 2010 by Emmanuel Zunz and Matthew Olim, the latter one of the co-founders of CDNow, a pioneer in digital music which was acquired by Amazon in 2000.	digital music,matthew olim,emmanuel zunz,engagement platform,fan engagement,distribution service,digital distribution,digital,music,zunz,emmanuel,matthew,platform,olim,engagement
Purga is a rural community on the outskirts of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.	rural,queensland,community,ipswich,outskirt,purga,australia
Ajay Divecha was an Indian cricketer.	indian cricketer,ajay divecha,divecha,indian,ajay,cricketer
Fortune Plaza is located in central business district of Chaoyang, Beijing, nearby Kerry center; China World Trade Center and the CCTV Headquarters building.	headquarters building,trade center,cctv headquarters,world trade,china world,kerry center,business district,nearby kerry,central business,fortune plaza,center,plaza,headquarters,central,business,district,chaoyang,beijing,cctv,nearby
Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Sharif is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,south khorasan,birjand county,central district,rural district,baqeran rural,mohammad sharif,ye mohammad,district,province,mohammad,khorasan,sharif,south,village,county,baqeran
Bierry-les-Belles-Fontaines is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.	central france,yonne department,belles,central,fontaines,north,commune,comté,yonne,franche,department,bourgogne
Sir Benjamin Dawson, 1st Baronet was a British textile manufacturer.	textile manufacturer,british textile,benjamin dawson,sir benjamin,benjamin,textile,dawson,british,baronet,manufacturer
The 2005 ATS Formel 3 Cup was a multi-event motor racing championship for single-seat open wheel formula racing cars that held across Europe.	wheel formula,open wheel,racing championship,seat open,motor racing,event motor,ats formel,formel,formula,multi,wheel,event,open,motor,seat
This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Phillip in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1949 until its abolition in 1993.	federal election,australian federal,electoral result,division,electoral,creation,result,australian,federal,phillip,election,list,abolition
The growing of samani - green sprouting wheat - is the most sacred Novruz ceremony as the herald of spring.	novruz ceremony,sacred novruz,sprouting wheat,green sprouting,samani,herald,green,ceremony,sprouting,novruz,wheat,sacred,growing,spring
Ma che musica maestro is a 1971 Italian musicarello film directed by Mariano Laurenti.	mariano laurenti,musicarello film,italian musicarello,musica maestro,che musica,ma che,mariano,musica,film,maestro,musicarello,italian,laurenti
Thomas Attwood was a 15th century priest and academic.Attwood was Master of Gonville Hall from 1426 to 1454.	gonville hall,century priest,thomas attwood,attwood,gonville,master,century,priest,academic,hall,thomas
Onch'ŏn County is a county in South P'yŏngan province, North Korea.	north korea,p'yŏngan province,south p'yŏngan,onch'ŏn county,county,north,province,p'yŏngan,south,korea,onch'ŏn
DC Super Hero Girls or DC Superhero Girls , is an American superhero action figure franchise and web series created by Warner Bros.	warner bros.,web series,figure franchise,action figure,superhero action,superhero girls,american superhero,dc superhero,super hero,superhero,girls,warner,series,franchise,figure,action,super
The Errea House is a historic house located at 311 S. Green St.	green st.,s. green,historic house,errea house,house,green,errea,historic
These are the full results of the 1985 IAAF World Cup which was held on 4–6 October 1985 at the Bruce Stadium in Canberra, Australia.	bruce stadium,world cup,iaaf world,iaaf,canberra,world,stadium,bruce,october,result,australia
Tim Presley is an American musician, singer and songwriter.	american musician,tim presley,presley,singer,american,musician,songwriter
Harshawardhan Liladhar Nikose is an Indian politician member of Indian National Congress party and active mainly in Nagpur, Maharashtra region.	maharashtra region,congress party,national congress,indian national,politician member,indian politician,liladhar nikose,harshawardhan liladhar,indian,maharashtra,liladhar,nagpur,active,party,nikose,congress,national,politician
The Black & Blue Festival is the world's largest gay-benefit dance festival, attracting thousands of tourists to Montreal every Canadian Thanksgiving weekend, which raises money for HIV/AIDS and the gay community.	gay community,thanksgiving weekend,dance festival,canadian thanksgiving,benefit dance,large gay,blue festival,festival,blue,thanksgiving,weekend,canadian,money,montreal,tourist
The Middle Reaches of Boone Creek Rural Historic District in the Clark County, Kentucky and Fayette County, Kentucky is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.It is a 7,186 acres area roughly bounded by U.S. Route 421 , Jones Nursery, Coombs Ferry, Sulpher Well Rds., and U.S. Route 25.	u.s. route,jones nursery,coombs ferry,historic district,clark county,fayette county,acre area,historic places,national register,rural historic,historic,u.s.,district,county,kentucky,reaches,boone,coombs,nursery,ferry
Georgii Dmitrievich Karpechenko was a Russian and Soviet biologist.	soviet biologist,dmitrievich karpechenko,georgii dmitrievich,dmitrievich,soviet,karpechenko,russian,georgii,biologist
The Flying Lizards were an experimental English new wave band, formed in 1976.	wave band,new wave,english new,experimental english,flying lizards,lizards,wave,experimental,english,flying,band
Alaska is an unincorporated community in Morgan and Owen counties, in the U.S. state of Indiana.	u.s. state,owen county,unincorporated community,unincorporated,state,community,u.s.,morgan,county,owen,alaska,indiana
The Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance was a member of the British Board of Ordnance and the deputy of the Master-General of the Ordnance.	ordnance,general,master,british,deputy,member,board,lieutenant
The Superettan 2009 was the ninth season of Sweden's second-tier football league.	football league,tier football,ninth season,ninth,football,season,tier,sweden,second,superettan,league
The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal , was established to adjudicate disputes and dispose of appeals with a view to protect the interests of service providers and consumers of the telecom sector and to promote and ensure orderly growth of the telecom sector.	telecom sector,orderly growth,appellate tribunal,service provider,disputes settlement,telecom disputes,telecom,dispose,appeal,dispute,view,tribunal,interest,appellate,service,settlement
Armand de Las Cuevas was a French racing cyclist.	racing cyclist,french racing,las cuevas,racing,cuevas,french,armand,cyclist
Walter Paul Sieber was a Canadian professional wrestler under the ring name Waldo Von Erich.	von erich,professional wrestler,waldo von,canadian professional,paul sieber,walter paul,paul,sieber,waldo,canadian,ring,professional,wrestler,walter,erich
The National Amateur Baseball Federation is a nonprofit organization that serves as a governing body for amateur baseball in the United States.	amateur baseball,baseball federation,nonprofit organization,united states,national amateur,amateur,baseball,united,organization,nonprofit,body,federation,states,national
The Odershausen Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.	geologic formation,odershausen formation,formation,odershausen,geologic,germany
The Moonlight Bay Trilogy is an unfinished trilogy of three novels by Dean Koontz.	dean koontz,unfinished trilogy,bay trilogy,moonlight bay,trilogy,dean,novel,koontz,moonlight,unfinished
Theft: A Love Story is a novel by Australian writer Peter Carey.	peter carey,writer peter,australian writer,love story,a love,peter,love,writer,story,australian,novel,theft,carey
Viral meningitis, also known as aseptic meningitis, is a type of meningitis due to a viral infection.	viral infection,aseptic meningitis,viral meningitis,meningitis,viral,infection,aseptic,type
William Nantlais Williams , better known simply as Nantlais, was a Welsh poet and a Presbyterian Christian minister who played a prominent role in the 1904-1905 Welsh Revival.	welsh revival,prominent role,christian minister,presbyterian christian,welsh poet,nantlais williams,william nantlais,welsh,nantlais,christian,minister,presbyterian,prominent,poet,role,william,williams
Sándor Jakabfy was a Hungarian sprinter.	hungarian sprinter,sándor jakabfy,jakabfy,hungarian,sándor,sprinter
A constitutional referendum was held in Madagascar on 17 September 1995.	referendum,madagascar,constitutional,september
Craig Edward DeForest is an American solar physicist.	solar physicist,american solar,edward deforest,craig edward,edward,solar,deforest,american,craig,physicist
Frankenburg is German for "Frankish castle" and may refer to:	german,frankish,frankenburg,castle
Frankenburg am Hausruck, a market village in the district of Vöcklabruck in Upper Austria	upper austria,market village,hausruck,upper,market,vöcklabruck,village,district,frankenburg,austria
a hamlet in the municipality of Lilienthal in Lower Saxony, GermanyCastles or castle ruins:	castle ruin,lower saxony,municipality,castle,lilienthal,germanycastles,lower,saxony,hamlet,ruin
Frankenburg , abandoned castle near Singen -Bohlingen in the county of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg, Germany	castle,württemberg,singen,baden,county,konstanz,frankenburg,germany
Frankenburg , ruined castle in the county of Südliche Weinstraße in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany	castle,palatinate,county,rhineland,südliche,weinstraße,frankenburg,germany
Château du Frankenbourg, ruined castle near Sélestat-Neubois in the Alsatian département of Bas-Rhin, France .	alsatian département,du frankenbourg,château du,rhin,frankenbourg,castle,département,sélestat,alsatian,neubois,château
Play in Group B of the 1990 FIFA World Cup completed on 18 June 1990.	world cup,fifa world,group b,fifa,world,group,june
Ibn Warraq is the pen name of an anonymous author critical of Islam.	author critical,anonymous author,ibn warraq,warraq,critical,author,anonymous,islam
Tough Love is the first season of the American reality television series Tough Love, which first aired on VH1.	tough love,reality television,american reality,television series,series tough,love,reality,television,american,series,tough,season
The 40-Year-Old Virgin is a 2005 American sex comedy film directed by Judd Apatow, who co-wrote the screenplay with Steve Carell.	steve carell,judd apatow,comedy film,sex comedy,american sex,old virgin,virgin,steve,american,screenplay,apatow,comedy,judd,film
Aliaksei Shynkel is a Belarusian handball player for SKA Minsk and the Belarusian national team.He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.	handball championship,national team,world men,belarusian national,ska minsk,handball player,belarusian handball,aliaksei shynkel,handball,belarusian,shynkel,world,team,national,player,minsk
The white-collared foliage-gleaner is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.	foliage,family,gleaner,bird,species,white,furnariidae
Demetrius of Pharos  was a ruler of Pharos involved in the First Illyrian War, after which he ruled a portion of the Illyrian Adriatic coast on behalf of the Romans, as a client king.Demetrius was a regent ruler to Pinnes, the son of Agron who was too young to rule as king.	regent ruler,client king,adriatic coast,illyrian adriatic,illyrian war,first illyrian,illyrian,king,ruler,demetrius,pharos,behalf,romans,coast,agron
Christ Child with a Walking Frame is a part of an altarpiece by Netherlandish artist Hieronymus Bosch, painted on the reverse of his Christ Carrying the Cross.	hieronymus bosch,artist hieronymus,netherlandish artist,walking frame,christ child,christ,netherlandish,altarpiece,artist,frame,hieronymus,walking,bosch,child,reverse
George Paul Shelley is an English singer, actor and presenter.	english singer,paul shelley,george paul,paul,actor,shelley,singer,english,george,presenter
Slavic Native Faith in Poland has in 2007, according to Scott Simpson, between 2000 and 2500 "actively engaged and regular participants".	regular participant,scott simpson,native faith,slavic native,native,regular,faith,simpson,poland,scott,slavic,participant
Andre Francis was a cornerback in the Canadian Football League for eleven years.	football league,canadian football,andre francis,francis,league,cornerback,football,canadian,andre,year
Chief White Crane Recreation Area is a state recreation area in southeastern South Dakota, United States.	recreation area,united states,state recreation,south dakota,southeastern south,crane recreation,white crane,chief white,recreation,area,united,white,dakota,south,crane,southeastern,state,states
Oloma is an Edoid language of Nigeria.	edoid,language,oloma,nigeria
An Oriental bicolour is any cat of Oriental type, either long-haired or short-haired and in any pattern including colourpoint, which has white areas on its coat caused by the white spotting gene.	spotting gene,white spotting,white area,oriental type,oriental bicolour,white,haired,oriental,spotting,long,pattern,type,colourpoint,bicolour
Mulle is a Swedish variation of Cassino.	swedish,variation,mulle,cassino
The SX-404-class submarine, local designation X-Craft, was a class of diver propulsion vehicle and the midget submarine that was in service with the Pakistan Navy from 1972 until decommissioning from its military service in 1993.	military service,pakistan navy,midget submarine,propulsion vehicle,designation x,diver propulsion,local designation,submarine,service,class,craft,diver,propulsion,designation,vehicle,local
Eduardo Peña Dolhun is a board certified American Family Physician with a private practice in San Francisco, California.	san francisco,private practice,family physician,american family,peña dolhun,eduardo peña,peña,francisco,dolhun,board,practice,american,private,family,physician
Carmel is a fast-growing suburban edge city on the north side of Indianapolis.	edge city,suburban edge,suburban,north,edge,city,carmel,indianapolis
This is a list of episodes of the syndicated television series Superboy, which was renamed The Adventures of Superboy in its third season.	series superboy,television series,superboy,episode,television,series,list,adventures,season
In Behrman v Regional Magistrate, Southern Transvaal , an important case in South African criminal procedure, the court merely held that a Provincial Division has jurisdiction to grant a mandamus directing the magistrate to order the Crown prosecutor to furnish particulars for which he has been asked by an accused.	crown prosecutor,provincial division,criminal procedure,african criminal,south african,important case,southern transvaal,regional magistrate,magistrate,prosecutor,regional,crown,criminal,african,procedure,south,court,case
Czuchów-Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	central poland,masovian voivodeship,łosice county,gmina platerów,administrative district,pieńki,central,village,east,administrative,voivodeship,district,masovian,gmina,county
TDM-to-packet conversion is the process of converting a digital signal in TDM format into packets for carrying over a packet network such as the Internet.	packet network,tdm format,digital signal,packet conversion,packet,network,digital,process,signal,conversion,format,internet
The 1992 Tatarstan shooting was a mass murder which occurred in Tatarstan, Russia, on 26 April 1992.	mass murder,tatarstan shooting,tatarstan,russia,mass,shooting,murder,april
The flag of Bosnia and Herzegovina contains a wide medium blue vertical band on the fly side with a yellow right triangle abutting the band and the top of the flag.	right triangle,vertical band,yellow right,blue vertical,medium blue,wide medium,band,wide,herzegovina,medium,bosnia,blue,yellow,right,flag,vertical
The Central Waterfront of Seattle, in the state of Washington, US, is the most urbanized portion of the Elliott Bay shore.	bay shore,elliott bay,urbanized portion,central waterfront,waterfront,seattle,elliott,state,portion,washington,urbanized,central
Dehydroepiandrosterone , also known as androstenolone, is an endogenous steroid hormone.	steroid hormone,endogenous steroid,androstenolone,steroid,endogenous,dehydroepiandrosterone,hormone
Kepler-68b is an exoplanet orbiting the Sun-like star Kepler-68 in the constellation of Cygnus.	like star,exoplanet,constellation,like,star,cygnus
Danna Paola Rivera Munguía , better known as Danna Paola, is a Mexican singer, actress, model, fashion designer and recording artist.	danna paola,rivera munguía,paola rivera,fashion designer,mexican singer,paola,designer,fashion,model,actress,singer,mexican,munguía,danna,rivera
Sir Terry Farrell  is a British architect and urban designer.	urban designer,british architect,terry farrell,sir terry,terry,urban,farrell,architect,british,designer
The Palomar Distant Solar System Survey was a wide-field survey aimed at finding distant trans-Neptunian objects that used the robotic 1.2 m Samuel Oschin Telescope at Palomar Observatory and the QUEST large-area CCD camera.	ccd camera,area ccd,quest large,palomar observatory,oschin telescope,neptunian object,samuel oschin,distant tran,system survey,field survey,distant,survey,palomar,area,large,quest,robotic,samuel,object
The .17 Remington Fireball was created in 2007 by Remington Arms Company as a response to the popular wildcat round, the .17 Mach IV. Factory loads drive a 20 grain bullet around 4,000 ft/s .	grain bullet,factory load,mach iv,popular wildcat,arms company,remington arms,remington fireball,remington,arms,bullet,company,grain,response,load,popular,factory
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon municipality of Fernelmont.	walloon municipality,heritage site,overview,municipality,heritage,walloon,site,table,fernelmont
Kenn Lim is a Malaysian badminton player.	badminton player,malaysian badminton,kenn lim,badminton,malaysian,kenn,player
Maynard Sonntag is a Canadian politician and a former Saskatchewan cabinet minister.He was born, raised and educated in Goodsoil, Saskatchewan.	cabinet minister,saskatchewan cabinet,canadian politician,maynard sonntag,saskatchewan,sonntag,canadian,politician,minister,cabinet,goodsoil,maynard
The Odinov culture is the beginning of the Bronze Age archeological culture of foot hunters named after the settlement Odino in the basin of lower Ishim river in Western Siberia.	western siberia,ishim river,settlement odino,low ishim,foot hunter,archeological culture,age archeological,bronze age,odinov culture,culture,western,river,ishim,basin,odino,settlement,hunter,bronze
Binaghia concii is a species of beetle in the Binaghia genus.	binaghia genus,binaghia concii,binaghia,species,concii,beetle,genus
Nagoa is a village in Salcette, Goa, adjacent to the village of Verna.	village,salcette,adjacent,nagoa,verna
The four temperament theory is a proto-psychological theory which suggests that there are four fundamental personality types: sanguine, choleric, melancholic, and phlegmatic.	personality type,fundamental personality,psychological theory,temperament theory,theory,melancholic,choleric,sanguine,type,personality,fundamental,proto,psychological,phlegmatic
Talorc son of Foith or son of Uuid was a king of the Picts from 641 to 653.	king,uuid,picts,talorc,foith
Centerville station, now known as the Appanoose County Post 526 VFW Hall, is an historic train station located in Centerville, Iowa, United States.	united states,train station,historic train,vfw hall,county post,appanoose county,centerville station,station,united,iowa,centerville,post,hall,county,historic,appanoose
Memphis Edward "Eddie" Curtis, Jr.	edward,curtis,eddie,memphis
Slovaks in the Czech Republic are the country's second-largest ethnic minority; after the Moravians, who are native to the Czech Republic.	czech republic,ethnic minority,large ethnic,czech,ethnic,large,minority,country,moravians,republic,native,slovak
The VIMOS-VLT Deep Survey is a redshift survey carried out by a collaboration between French and Italian astronomical institutes using the VIMOS spectrograph, mounted on the telescope Melipal of the Very Large Telescope, located at the Paranal Observatory in Chile.	paranal observatory,large telescope,telescope melipal,vimos spectrograph,astronomical institute,redshift survey,italian astronomical,deep survey,vlt deep,telescope,survey,vimos,observatory,french,collaboration,italian,paranal,astronomical,deep
Domnall mac Muirchertaig (died c.	mac muirchertaig,domnall mac,muirchertaig,domnall
Wesley Abner D'Ewart was a U.S. Republican politician who served in the United States House of Representatives from Montana's 2nd congressional district from June 5, 1945, to January 3, 1955.	congressional district,states house,republican politician,united states,u.s. republican,abner d'ewart,wesley abner,abner,june,d'ewart,district,u.s.,congressional,republican,politician,montana
Tancaite- is a very rare molybdate mineral with the formula FeCe3•3H2O. It was found in Punta de Su Seinargiu locality on Sardinia, Italy.	seinargiu locality,su seinargiu,molybdate mineral,rare molybdate,rare,sardinia,molybdate,locality,mineral,seinargiu,formula,punta
Kalocsai Futball Club is a professional football club based in Kalocsa, Bács-Kiskun County, Hungary, that competes in the Bács-Kiskun county league.	kiskun county,football club,county league,professional football,futball club,kalocsai futball,club,county,bács,futball,kiskun,hungary,professional,football,kalocsa,kalocsai
The personal papal coat of arms of Pope Benedict XVI was designed by Archbishop Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo soon after the papal election in 2005.	papal election,cordero lanza,andrea cordero,benedict xvi,archbishop andrea,pope benedict,papal coat,personal papal,papal,archbishop,benedict,andrea,pope,cordero,lanza,coat
The Young Earl of Essex’s Victory Over the Emperor of Germany is Child Ballad 288.	child ballad,young earl,earl,child,essex,germany,victory,emperor,young,ballad
Zilpah Polly Grant Banister was an American educator known primarily for founding Ipswich Female Seminary in Ipswich, Massachusetts in 1828.	female seminary,ipswich female,american educator,grant banister,polly grant,zilpah polly,ipswich,polly,grant,banister,american,educator,female,seminary,zilpah,massachusetts
Mizonokuchi Station is a railway station on the Tokyu Den-en-toshi Line and Tokyu Oimachi Line in Takatsu-ku, Kawasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tokyu Corporation.	tokyu corporation,operator tokyu,oimachi line,kanagawa prefecture,railway operator,private railway,tokyu oimachi,toshi line,tokyu den,railway station,tokyu,line,station,railway,kanagawa,prefecture,kawasaki,japan,private
Joseph R. "Joe" Gimse is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 13, which included portions of Kandiyohi, Pope and Stearns counties in the west central part of the state.	west central,stearns county,minnesota senate,minnesota politician,joseph r.,minnesota,central,west,county,stearns,pope,kandiyohi,portion
The rufous-webbed brilliant is a species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae.	brilliant,family,species,hummingbird,rufous,trochilidae
West of Nevada is a 1936 American western film directed by Robert F. Hill and starring Rex Bell, Joan Barclay and Al St.	al st.,joan barclay,rex bell,f. hill,robert f.,western film,american western,nevada,american,barclay,western,joan,film,bell,robert
Ouch is a union council of Lower Dir District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	khyber pakhtunkhwa,dir district,low dir,union council,union,pakhtunkhwa,council,khyber,district,ouch,pakistan
Isabella of Lennox was the ruler of Lennox, from 1437–1458, and last in the line of Mormaers or Native Scottish rulers.	scottish ruler,native scottish,lennox,native,mormaers,scottish,ruler,line,isabella
Scott Mayfield is an American ice hockey player who is currently playing with the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League .	hockey league,national hockey,york islanders,hockey player,new york,ice hockey,american ice,scott mayfield,hockey,mayfield,american,york,islanders,player,national,scott
Libin is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg.	walloon,province,municipality,belgium,libin,luxembourg
Ryan Danford is a professional American Halo player known by the handle Saiyan.	handle saiyan,halo player,american halo,professional american,ryan danford,danford,handle,professional,player,american,halo,ryan,saiyan
John Alan Birch was a British trade union leader.	union leader,trade union,british trade,alan birch,john alan,alan,union,birch,trade,british,john,leader
Benoit is a crater on Mercury.	crater,benoit,mercury
Bakian is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	fars province,marvdasht county,kamfiruz district,rural district,shomali rural,e shomali,kamfiruz,district,province,fars,village,county,marvdasht,shomali,rural
The 2000 Texas A&M Aggies football team completed the season with a 7–5 record.	football team,aggies football,a&m aggies,texas a&m,season,aggies,team,football,texas,record
Little Bear Lake is a small-medium sized lake in north-central Saskatchewan, Canada, located just off Hanson Lake Road.It is known for its many types of fish both in the lake and on nearby lakes.	nearby lake,lake road,hanson lake,central saskatchewan,sized lake,medium sized,bear lake,little bear,lake,bear,saskatchewan,central,canada,medium,type,north,hanson,small
Al-Iskandariya or Alexandria is an ancient city in central Iraq, one of a number of towns in the Near East founded by and named after Alexander the Great .	near east,central iraq,ancient city,iskandariya,alexander,alexandria,east,ancient,near,city,town,central,number
Western Canadian Place is an office tower complex in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	tower complex,office tower,canadian place,western canadian,canadian,alberta,place,calgary,office,complex,tower,western,canada
Jhinkpani is a census town in Pashchimi Singhbhum district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	indian state,singhbhum district,pashchimi singhbhum,census town,census,state,town,indian,pashchimi,district,singhbhum,jhinkpani,jharkhand
RMS Nova Scotia was a 6,796 GRT UK transatlantic ocean liner and Royal Mail Ship.	mail ship,royal mail,ocean liner,transatlantic ocean,uk transatlantic,grt uk,nova scotia,rms nova,nova,mail,scotia,royal,liner,ocean,transatlantic
Ricardo Palacios  was a Spanish actor, film director and screenwriter.	film director,spanish actor,ricardo palacios,palacios,director,spanish,film,actor,ricardo,screenwriter
Thomas Grahame was an Ontario political figure.	political figure,ontario political,thomas grahame,grahame,political,ontario,thomas,figure
The Oratory of Saint Mark is a Byzantine-style oratory situated in the old town centre of Rossano, a frazione of Corigliano-Rossano, Calabria, southern Italy.	southern italy,town centre,old town,style oratory,saint mark,rossano,oratory,southern,calabria,mark,byzantine,saint,style,town
HMS Doris was a 36-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy that served between 1808 and 1829.	royal navy,rate frigate,hms doris,doris,royal,fifth,frigate,rate,navy
Żabikowo Rządowe is truly a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,podlaskie voivodeship,zambrów county,gmina szumowo,administrative district,żabikowo rządowe,rządowe,eastern,village,north,administrative,voivodeship,district,podlaskie,gmina,county
Llipa District is one of ten districts of the province Ocros in Peru.	province ocros,llipa district,district,ocros,province,peru,llipa
Ensbury Park is a mainly residential suburb of Bournemouth, Dorset, UK. It lies within the ward district of Northbourne and Redhill.	ward district,residential suburb,ensbury park,park,northbourne,residential,district,suburb,ward,bournemouth,dorset,ensbury
The Shuo Yuan , variously translated as Garden of Stories, Garden of Persuasions, Garden of Talks, etc., is a collection of stories and anecdotes from the pre-Qin period to the Western Han Dynasty.	han dynasty,western han,qin period,shuo yuan,garden,yuan,western,period,talks,anecdote,collection
T.B. Harms & Francis, Day, & Hunter, Inc., based in the Tin Pan Alley area of New York City, was one of the seven largest publishers of popular music in the world in 1920.	popular music,large publisher,york city,new york,alley area,pan alley,tin pan,t.b. harms,harms,music,francis,popular,publisher,hunter,large,inc.,city
Isaac H. Edgett was an American civil servant and politician who served as the acting Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth.	massachusetts secretary,civil servant,american civil,h. edgett,isaac h.,secretary,edgett,massachusetts,american,politician,civil,servant,isaac,commonwealth
Heritage of the March is a series of 185 vinyl records of marches and galops released from 1973 to 1988.	march,vinyl,series,record,heritage,galop
Harvey Anderson García Ibarras is a former Major League Baseball pitcher.	baseball pitcher,league baseball,garcía ibarras,major league,anderson garcía,harvey anderson,anderson,baseball,garcía,league,ibarras,major,harvey,pitcher
Ronjeku is a village in Kuhak Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	fars province,jahrom county,central district,rural district,kuhak rural,district,province,village,fars,kuhak,county,rural,jahrom,iran,ronjeku
Cromyatractus is a genus of radiolarians in the order Spumellaria.	genus,order,radiolarian,cromyatractus,spumellaria
Giampaolo Stuani is an Italian pianist.	italian pianist,giampaolo stuani,stuani,italian,giampaolo,pianist
Branko Nadoveza was a Serbian footballer who played for FK Partizan.He died on 12 October 1970 after succumbing to injuries he received in a car accident in the Dušanovac neighbourhood of Belgrade two days prior.The FK Partizan Academy is named in his honour.	fk partizan,car accident,dušanovac neighbourhood,partizan academy,serbian footballer,branko nadoveza,partizan,nadoveza,academy,serbian,accident,dušanovac,footballer,neighbourhood
Job Control Language is a name for scripting languages used on IBM mainframe operating systems to instruct the system on how to run a batch job or start a subsystem.More specifically, the purpose of JCL is to say which programs to run, using which files or devices for input or output, and at times to also indicate under what conditions to skip a step.	batch job,operating system,mainframe operating,ibm mainframe,scripting language,control language,job control,language,system,condition,time,output,input,device,file,program
Charles Edwin Bennett was an American classical scholar and the Goldwin Smith Professor of Latin at Cornell University.	cornell university,smith professor,goldwin smith,classical scholar,american classical,edwin bennett,charles edwin,edwin,cornell,bennett,latin,american,professor,classical,smith,scholar,goldwin
Harel Levy and Jim Thomas were the defenders of championship title.Yuri Schukin and Dmitri Sitak defeated 6–4, 7–6 Daniele Bracciali and Giancarlo Petrazzuolo in the final.	giancarlo petrazzuolo,daniele bracciali,dmitri sitak,yuri schukin,championship title,jim thomas,harel levy,levy,petrazzuolo,giancarlo,thomas,bracciali,defender,daniele,championship
Wouter Barendrecht was a film producer.	film producer,wouter barendrecht,barendrecht,film,wouter,producer
Vizhaikha is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a right tributary of the Kolva River, which in turn is a tributary of the Vishera River.	vishera river,kolva river,right tributary,perm krai,river,tributary,krai,russia,perm,right,kolva,turn,vishera,vizhaikha
The Col de la Cluse is a mountain pass located 1,169 m above sea level in the Chartreuse Mountains.	chartreuse mountains,sea level,mountain pass,col de,chartreuse,cluse,level,mountain,pass,mountains
Chen Sanli , aka Boyan, Sanyuan Laoren, was a Chinese poet who wrote in the classical style in the early modern era.	modern era,early modern,classical style,chinese poet,sanyuan laoren,chen sanli,sanli,modern,boyan,early,sanyuan,style,laoren,classical,chinese,poet
RTL 4 is a major commercial television station in the Netherlands.	television station,commercial television,major commercial,commercial,station,television,major,netherlands
Acting Finance Director is the mid-senior probation position for managing the company's finances.	probation position,senior probation,finance director,finance,director,senior,probation,position,company
Marine engineering includes the engineering of boats, ships, oil rigs and any other marine vessel or structure, as well as oceanographic engineering or ocean engineering.	ocean engineering,oceanographic engineering,marine vessel,oil rig,marine engineering,engineering,marine,ship,structure,vessel,boat,oceanographic,ocean
The 2015–16 season was Preston North End's first season back in the Championship, after gaining promotion via the play-offs last season, in their 136th year in existence.	north end,preston north,season,year,promotion,play,north,championship,preston
Town on Trial is a 1957 British mystery film directed by John Guillermin and starring John Mills, Charles Coburn, Barbara Bates and Derek Farr.	derek farr,barbara bates,charles coburn,john mills,john guillermin,mystery film,british mystery,john,derek,trial,bates,british,barbara,mystery,coburn,film,charles
HMS Pasley , ex-Lindsay, was a Captain-class frigate of the Evarts-class of destroyer escort, originally commissioned to be built for the United States Navy.	states navy,united states,destroyer escort,class frigate,hms pasley,class,states,pasley,united,lindsay,escort,captain,destroyer,frigate,evarts
Oddusuddan is a town in the Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka.	sri lanka,mullaitivu district,town,mullaitivu,district,oddusuddan,lanka
The Nature Park of Alvão is a protected area founded in 1983, and located in the municipalities of Mondim de Basto and Vila Real, in the Tâmega and Douro Subregions of northern Portugal.	northern portugal,douro subregions,vila real,de basto,mondim de,nature park,park,northern,alvão,subregions,area,douro,municipality,tâmega,mondim,real
The 3rd SS Police Regiment was named the 3rd Police Regiment when it was temporarily formed in 1939 from existing Order Police units for security duties during the invasion of Poland.	police regiment,security duty,police unit,order police,ss police,police,invasion,regiment,duty,security,unit,order,poland
George Kleine was an American film producer and cinema pioneer.	cinema pioneer,film producer,american film,george kleine,kleine,cinema,american,producer,film,george,pioneer
Daiyuzenji is a Rinzai Zen Buddhist temple located on the north side of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	united states,buddhist temple,zen buddhist,rinzai zen,rinzai,united,illinois,buddhist,chicago,temple,north,daiyuzenji,states
Tong Suet-Fong is a Taiwanese basketball player.	basketball player,taiwanese basketball,tong suet,suet,basketball,fong,taiwanese,tong,player
Follies is a musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and a book by James Goldman.	james goldman,stephen sondheim,musical,james,music,book,lyric,sondheim,stephen,folly,goldman
Sittiab is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae .	genus,family,spider,sittiab,salticidae
The 1994–95 Czech Extraliga season was the second season of the Czech Extraliga since its creation after the breakup of Czechoslovakia and the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League in 1993.	czech extraliga,extraliga season,hockey league,second season,ice hockey,first ice,czechoslovak first,season,extraliga,hockey,first,czechoslovak,czechoslovakia,breakup,creation,czech
Ruff 'n' Tumble is a computer game for the Amiga, developed by Wunderkind and published by Renegade Software in 1994.	renegade software,computer game,tumble,renegade,computer,wunderkind,game,amiga,ruff,software
Donna Lichtenegger is an American politician.	american politician,donna lichtenegger,lichtenegger,american,donna,politician
The 1884 Dartmouth football team represented Dartmouth College in the 1884 college football season.	football season,college football,dartmouth college,football team,dartmouth football,football,dartmouth,college,team,season
The clurichaun or clúrachán is a mischievous fairy in Irish folklore known for his great love of drinking and a tendency to haunt breweries, pubs and wine cellars.	wine cellar,great love,irish folklore,mischievous fairy,clúrachán,wine,mischievous,fairy,brewery,irish,tendency,folklore,drinking
Franz Xaver Wagner was a German comedian and author.	german comedian,xaver wagner,franz xaver,xaver,comedian,wagner,german,franz,author
Tommy Lee Jones is an American actor and filmmaker.	american actor,lee jones,tommy lee,actor,jones,american,tommy,filmmaker
Legislative Assembly elections were held in Himachal Pradesh in 1977.	himachal pradesh,assembly election,legislative assembly,assembly,himachal,election,legislative,pradesh
ISO/IEC 7813 is an international standard codified by the International Organization for Standardization and International Electrotechnical Commission that defines properties of financial transaction cards, such as ATM or credit cards.	credit card,transaction card,financial transaction,electrotechnical commission,international electrotechnical,international organization,international standard,international,card,property,financial,commission,transaction,electrotechnical,credit
The Carme group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Carme and are thought to have a common origin.	common origin,similar orbit,irregular satellite,retrograde irregular,carme group,carme,group,common,jupiter,satellite,similar,irregular,orbit,retrograde,origin
The Red Ball Express was a famed truck convoy system that supplied Allied forces moving quickly through Europe after breaking out from the D-Day beaches in Normandy in 1944.	day beach,allied force,convoy system,truck convoy,famed truck,ball express,red ball,ball,beach,express,famed,truck,europe,convoy,force
Jafarabad is a village in Pir Taj Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	kurdistan province,bijar county,almas district,chang almas,rural district,taj rural,pir taj,district,village,province,kurdistan,county,rural,bijar,chang
The Gellen or Gellen Peninsula is a spit at the southern end of the island of Hiddensee off the north German Baltic coast.	baltic coast,german baltic,north german,southern end,gellen peninsula,baltic,german,north,hiddensee,island,southern,spit,peninsula,gellen
María Fernanda Murillo Duarte is a Colombian athlete specialising in the high jump.	high jump,colombian athlete,murillo duarte,fernanda murillo,maría fernanda,fernanda,high,murillo,athlete,duarte,colombian,maría,jump
Kim Sanders is an Australian musician and composer.	australian musician,kim sanders,sanders,musician,australian,composer
Paramjeet Samota is an Indian amateur boxer best known for winning the Commonwealth title 2010 at Super Heavyweight.	super heavyweight,commonwealth title,amateur boxer,indian amateur,paramjeet samota,samota,super,indian,title,amateur,commonwealth,boxer,paramjeet,heavyweight
The Texas Transportation Company was an electrified, Class III, short-line railroad in San Antonio, Texas, that operated from 1897 until 2001.	san antonio,line railroad,class iii,transportation company,texas transportation,texas,transportation,company,class,short,line,railroad,antonio
The Maharashtra Pradesh Mahila Congress is the unit of the All India Mahila Congress for the state of Maharashtra.	mahila congress,all india,india mahila,pradesh mahila,maharashtra pradesh,mahila,congress,maharashtra,pradesh,unit,india,state
StartCom was a certificate authority based in Beijing, People's Republic of China that had three main activities: StartCom Linux Enterprise , StartSSL and MediaHost .	linux enterprise,startcom linux,main activity,certificate authority,startcom,startssl,enterprise,linux,people,republic,beijing,china,authority,main
Amahibelaha is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	eastern nepal,kosi zone,sunsari district,development committee,village development,village,eastern,development,south,committee,zone,sunsari,kosi,district,amahibelaha
Skrobotowo  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.	northwestern poland,pomeranian voivodeship,west pomeranian,gryfice county,gmina karnice,administrative district,village,northwestern,administrative,voivodeship,district,pomeranian,gmina,west,karnice,county
Khazar-e Do is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	khuzestan province,shushtar county,shadravan district,rural district,gharbi rural,ye gharbi,district,province,village,khuzestan,shoaybiyeh,county,shushtar,gharbi
La Gaudaine is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.	northern france,loir department,la gaudaine,gaudaine,northern,commune,department,eure,loir,france
Beatmania  is a rhythm video game developed and distributed by Japanese game developer Konami and first released in December 1997.	developer konami,game developer,japanese game,video game,rhythm video,game,rhythm,konami,video,developer,beatmania,december,japanese
Dr Wa'il Adel Hasan Salman al-Fayad, known as Abu Muhammad al-Furqan, was an Iraqi man and senior leader in the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, who served as the head of its central media department and was on the group's shura council.	shura council,medium department,islamic state,central medium,senior leader,muhammad al,iraqi man,salman al,abu muhammad,hasan salman,shura,wa'il,group,adel,department,medium,central,head,levant
Muhammad in Europe: A Thousand Years of Western Myth-Making is a biography of Muhammad by the Iranian writer and lecturer Minou Reeves, published in 2003.	minou reeves,lecturer minou,western myth,iranian writer,thousand years,a thousand,muhammad,minou,lecturer,writer,years,western,thousand,myth,making
This is a list of seasons completed by the University of Central Florida Knights baseball team since its founding under Doug Holmquist in 1973.	doug holmquist,baseball team,knights baseball,florida knights,central florida,season,doug,university,founding,central,team,florida,baseball,knights,list
President Obiang Nguema International Airport , is an airport located 1.0 kilometre southwest of the town of Mengomeyén, in the mainland province of Wele-Nzas, Equatorial Guinea.	equatorial guinea,mainland province,kilometre southwest,international airport,nguema international,obiang nguema,president obiang,airport,equatorial,obiang,nzas,wele,nguema,province,mainland,mengomeyén,town
Shinya Miyamoto is a former professional baseball player from Suita, Osaka, Japan.	baseball player,professional baseball,shinya miyamoto,miyamoto,osaka,professional,suita,baseball,player,shinya,japan
Paul Russell Moore is best known as the HBOS whistleblower following his dismissal from Halifax Bank of Scotland in 2004.	halifax bank,hbos whistleblower,russell moore,paul russell,russell,bank,moore,halifax,hbos,dismissal,whistleblower,paul,scotland
Yevul (Hebrew: יְבוּל, lit.
Joseph Matesic is a former American football player who played for Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League .	football league,national football,pittsburgh steelers,football player,american football,joseph matesic,football,matesic,american,pittsburgh,steelers,player,national,joseph,league
KAZM is a radio station broadcasting a mixed format consisting of news, sports, variety talk, classic rock and oldies music, the Wolfman Jack show, and Coast to Coast AM at night.	coast am,wolfman jack,oldie music,classic rock,variety talk,mixed format,radio station,coast,radio,station,mixed,format,news,sport,variety,talk
Al-Assad Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Latakia, Syria.	purpose stadium,assad stadium,stadium,assad,latakia,multi,purpose,syria
Señorita Pólvora is a television series produced by Teleset for Sony Pictures Television and Televisa, which will be broadcast in the Latin American by TNT. It is the story of a Beauty Queen, who gets involved in a hit, which leads to the premature death of her father.	premature death,beauty queen,latin american,pictures television,sony pictures,television series,señorita pólvora,television,death,premature,queen,pólvora,beauty,story,american
William Mills Irwin is an American actor, clown, and comedian.	american actor,mills irwin,william mills,mills,clown,irwin,actor,american,william,comedian
The Oquirrh Mountain Utah Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints located in South Jordan, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City.	lake city,south jordan,salt lake,day saint,jesus christ,utah temple,mountain utah,oquirrh mountain,utah,temple,lake,salt,mountain,latter,saint,christ,suburb
The Third Tunnel of Aggression  is one of four known tunnels under the border between North Korea and South Korea, extending south of Panmunjom.	south korea,north korea,third tunnel,korea,tunnel,border,north,third,aggression,south,panmunjom
DIG Ramesh Parsad Kharel is a policeman from Nepal known for his integrity and fight against corruption within the Nepali Police Force.	police force,parsad kharel,nepali police,ramesh parsad,dig ramesh,ramesh,police,parsad,nepali,kharel,corruption,policeman,integrity,nepal
Yeovil Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Yeovil, Somerset, England.	football club,association football,professional association,town football,yeovil town,town,football,club,somerset,yeovil,professional,association,england
Tamer Abdel Raouf, an Egyptian journalist, bureau chief, and regional director of Egypt's Al-Ahram newspaper, was shot dead at a military checkpoint in Damanhur, Beheira Northern Governorate on August 19, 2013.	northern governorate,beheira northern,military checkpoint,ahram newspaper,regional director,bureau chief,egyptian journalist,abdel raouf,tamer abdel,abdel,governorate,raouf,northern,egyptian,beheira,journalist,damanhur,bureau,checkpoint
Bill Ivy is a veteran photographer and author on natural history, with 24 books to his credit including the award-winning A Little Wilderness: The Natural History of Toronto.	natural history,little wilderness,veteran photographer,bill ivy,history,natural,veteran,photographer,award,credit,author,little,book
Wicomico County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Maryland, on the Delmarva Peninsula.	delmarva peninsula,u.s. state,wicomico county,county,delmarva,maryland,state,u.s.,southeastern,peninsula,wicomico
Andrzej Stanisław Kostka Załuski was a priest in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	lithuanian commonwealth,kostka załuski,stanisław kostka,andrzej stanisław,stanisław,lithuanian,kostka,polish,załuski,priest,andrzej,commonwealth
Kurt Jensen is a Danish computer science professor at Aarhus University who was writing peer-reviewed papers since 1976 and by 2014 got an h-index of 32.	aarhus university,science professor,computer science,danish computer,kurt jensen,jensen,danish,paper,computer,peer,science,university,professor,aarhus
Maynard Reece is an Iowa-based artist of wildlife, especially of ducks.	reece,wildlife,iowa,artist,maynard,duck
Tory Terrell Humphrey is an American football tight end who played six seasons in the National Football League.	football league,tight end,national football,football tight,american football,terrell humphrey,tory terrell,football,terrell,humphrey,american,season,tight,national,tory,league
Let the Jukebox Keep On Playing is a 1955 country song written by Carl Perkins.	carl perkins,country song,playing,carl,country,song,jukebox,perkins
Mickey's Mechanical Man is a 1933 animated short cartoon created by Walt Disney.	walt disney,short cartoon,mechanical man,mechanical,walt,cartoon,short,mickey,disney
 Sovereign states 	sovereign,state
Sir Francis Grant, Lord Cullen was a Scottish judge.	scottish judge,lord cullen,francis grant,sir francis,francis,scottish,grant,cullen,lord,judge
Efraín Amador Piñero is a Cuban guitarist, lutist, composer and professor.	cuban guitarist,amador piñero,efraín amador,amador,composer,piñero,lutist,cuban,guitarist,efraín,professor
Gisela of Burgundy , a member of the royal Elder House of Welf, was Duchess of Bavaria from about 972 to 976 and again from 985 to 995, by her marriage with Duke Henry the Wrangler.	duke henry,elder house,royal elder,burgundy,henry,member,duke,royal,marriage,elder,bavaria,house,duchess
In phonetics and phonology, checked vowels are those that commonly stand in a stressed closed syllable; and free vowels are those that commonly stand in a stressed open syllable.	open syllable,stressed open,free vowel,closed syllable,stressed closed,vowel,syllable,stressed,phonology,free,closed,open,phonetic
Maurice Brodie developed a polio vaccine in 1935.	polio vaccine,maurice brodie,brodie,polio,maurice,vaccine
Thomas Tribone is the founder and CEO of Franklin Park Inc.	park inc.,franklin park,thomas tribone,tribone,park,founder,franklin,thomas,inc.
Raymond-Céstan syndrome is caused by blockage of the long circumferential branches of the basilar artery.	basilar artery,circumferential branch,long circumferential,céstan syndrome,céstan,basilar,syndrome,branch,blockage,circumferential,long,raymond,artery
Detective Carlton Jebediah Lassiter MCJ is a fictitious character in the American sitcom Psych, played by Timothy Omundson.	timothy omundson,sitcom psych,american sitcom,fictitious character,lassiter mcj,jebediah lassiter,carlton jebediah,detective carlton,carlton,timothy,jebediah,psych,lassiter,sitcom,american,fictitious,character
Try to Follow Me is a song by South Korean girl group 2NE1.	girl group,korean girl,south korean,south,girl,korean,song,group
Cry No More is Mika Nakashima's 17th single, which replaced Chitose Hajime's Kataritsugu Koto as the closing theme for the anime Blood+.	anime blood+,closing theme,kataritsugu koto,chitose hajime,mika nakashima,mika,anime,nakashima,theme,closing,single,koto,chitose,kataritsugu
Faruq Ahmed Choudhury was a Bangladeshi diplomat.	bangladeshi diplomat,ahmed choudhury,faruq ahmed,ahmed,bangladeshi,choudhury,faruq,diplomat
Giuseppe Alberti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	baroque period,italian painter,giuseppe alberti,alberti,baroque,italian,painter,giuseppe,period
Bajo Baudó ) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department, Colombia.	chocó department,bajo baudó,baudó,department,municipality,chocó,town,bajo,colombia
Summit Lake Ski Area is a small community-operated ski hill located at the lake and community of the same name, 16km east of Nakusp, British Columbia, Canada, in that province's Arrow Lakes-Slocan region.	slocan region,arrow lakes,ski hill,british columbia,small community,ski area,lake ski,summit lake,lake,community,slocan,lakes,arrow,province,canada,columbia,british
The 1938 Chicago White Sox season was the White Sox's 38th season in the major leagues and their 39th season overall.	white sox,sox season,major league,chicago white,season,white,league,major,chicago
Shin Thant is a Burmese LGBT rights activist, politician and human rights defender for LGBT peoples.	lgbt people,right defender,right activist,human right,lgbt right,burmese lgbt,shin thant,lgbt,right,thant,burmese,politician,activist,human,defender,shin,people
Hindley Earnshaw is a fictional character in Emily Brontë's novel Wuthering Heights.	wuthering heights,novel wuthering,emily brontë,fictional character,hindley earnshaw,earnshaw,wuthering,fictional,novel,character,brontë,emily,hindley,heights
The Sindh Institute of Skin Diseases known as Skin Hospital is a 50-bed dermatological hospital, the only public sector skin hospital located at Regal Chowk in Karachi.	skin hospital,dermatological hospital,sector skin,public sector,regal chowk,skin disease,sindh institute,skin,hospital,chowk,institute,regal,sector,public,karachi,sindh,disease
The Atlantic Axis high-speed rail line, also called Atlantic Corridor high-speed rail line, is a high-speed railway line that links A Coruña and Vigo in Spain.	rail line,speed rail,corridor high,atlantic corridor,railway line,speed railway,axis high,atlantic axis,line,high,atlantic,speed,vigo,coruña,rail,railway,axis,corridor
Milbourne Lodge School is a co-educational pre-prep and preparatory school for children aged four to thirteen.	preparatory school,educational pre,lodge school,milbourne lodge,school,lodge,educational,prep,preparatory,milbourne,child
Group D of the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup will be the group stage of the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup for the Angola, Philippines, Italy and Serbia.	world cup,basketball world,fiba basketball,group stage,group d,fiba,group,italy,philippines,angola,world,basketball,stage
New Club is a football club of Martinique, based in the village Petit-Bourg in the commune Rivière-Salée.	commune rivière,village petit,football club,new club,club,rivière,commune,martinique,bourg,village,petit,salée,football
The One is the second studio album by Indonesian singer Afgan.	singer afgan,indonesian singer,studio album,second studio,studio,singer,album,indonesian,second,afgan
Walter Godfrey Whittingham was a Church of England bishop.Whittingham was educated at the City of London School and Peterhouse, Cambridge.	london school,england bishop,godfrey whittingham,walter godfrey,whittingham,peterhouse,school,godfrey,london,city,england,church,bishop,cambridge
Cechenena transpacifica is a moth of the family Sphingidae.	family sphingidae,cechenena transpacifica,transpacifica,family,moth,cechenena,sphingidae
The modern numerical digit 0 is usually written as a circle, an ellipse, or a rounded rectangle.	rounded rectangle,numerical digit,modern numerical,numerical,rounded,digit,ellipse,circle,modern,rectangle
Spurrell's free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae named after Herbert George Flaxman Spurrell.	flaxman spurrell,george flaxman,herbert george,family molossidae,herbert,george,molossidae,flaxman,spurrell,family,species
Lonely is the second single by South Korean girl group 2NE1 from their 2011 extended play, 2NE1.	extended play,girl group,korean girl,south korean,second single,second,extended,single,group,south,girl,korean,lonely,play
Curtis Shayne "Cujo" Joseph is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former professional player.	professional player,hockey coach,ice hockey,canadian ice,curtis shayne,shayne,professional,cujo,coach,joseph,hockey,canadian,curtis,player
The Central Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Almaty, Kazakhstan.	purpose stadium,central stadium,stadium,almaty,multi,purpose,kazakhstan,central
Hantsport is a Canadian community located in Hants County, Nova Scotia.	nova scotia,hants county,canadian community,canadian,nova,community,county,hants,hantsport,scotia
Aleksandar "Saša" Petrović is a Bosnian actor.	saša,bosnian,petrović,aleksandar,actor
Vetralla is a town and comune in the province of Viterbo, in central Italy, 11 kilometres south of that city, located on a shoulder of Monte Fogliano.	monte fogliano,central italy,town,monte,comune,shoulder,province,city,viterbo,kilometre,central,italy
The Combat is a 1926 American silent western film directed by Lynn Reynolds and starring House Peters, Wanda Hawley and Walter McGrail.	walter mcgrail,wanda hawley,house peters,lynn reynolds,western film,silent western,american silent,american,walter,silent,hawley,western,wanda,film,peters,lynn,house
Rocky Mountain Holiday is a television special and a soundtrack album of songs from the show, performed by American singer-songwriter John Denver and The Muppets.	john denver,songwriter john,soundtrack album,american singer,television special,mountain holiday,rocky mountain,mountain,denver,holiday,john,television,songwriter,special,singer,soundtrack,american
The Imprensa Nacional-Casa da Moeda , is the Portuguese mint and national press, owned by the Portuguese Government and administratively subordinated to the Portuguese Ministry of Finance.	portuguese ministry,portuguese government,national press,portuguese mint,da moeda,casa da,imprensa nacional,portuguese,nacional,casa,ministry,moeda,national,mint,press,imprensa
Kyle Ivan Secor is an American television and film actor.	film actor,american television,ivan secor,kyle ivan,ivan,film,secor,television,american,kyle,actor
Michael Scott is a Professor of classics and ancient history at the University of Warwick.Scott is a professor in Classics and Ancient History at the University of Warwick and member of Warwick's Global History and Culture Centre.	ancient history,culture centre,global history,michael scott,warwick,history,scott,professor,ancient,culture,university,global,classic,classics
The Bennett Freeze was a development ban on 1.5 million acres of Navajo lands by the US Federal Government.	federal government,us federal,navajo land,development ban,bennett freeze,freeze,federal,development,land,acre,navajo,bennett,government
Nicola Hobbs is an English footballer who last signed as a goalkeeper for Sheffield United ahead of the 2018/2019 FA WSL 2 season.	fa wsl,sheffield united,english footballer,nicola hobbs,hobbs,english,footballer,united,goalkeeper,sheffield,nicola,season
Sebba is a department or commune of Yagha Province in Burkina Faso.	burkina faso,yagha province,department,burkina,commune,province,yagha,sebba,faso
The "Dragons" armchair is a piece of furniture designed by the Irish architect and designer Eileen Gray between 1917 and 1919.	eileen gray,designer eileen,irish architect,armchair,eileen,piece,designer,furniture,architect,irish,dragons,gray
Cláudio Mortari is a Brazilian former professional basketball player and basketball coach.	basketball coach,basketball player,professional basketball,cláudio mortari,basketball,mortari,brazilian,professional,cláudio,player,coach
Tools of the Trade is an EP by British extreme metal band Carcass.	band carcass,metal band,extreme metal,british extreme,trade,band,metal,british,extreme,tool,carcass
Gali Guleiyan ) is a 2017 Indian Hindi psychological drama film directed by Dipesh Jain.	dipesh jain,drama film,psychological drama,hindi psychological,indian hindi,gali guleiyan,guleiyan,dipesh,indian,film,hindi,drama,psychological,gali,jain
There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Carteret family, both in the Baronetage of England.	member,baronetage,carteret,family,baronetcy,england
The Australian cricket team toured England in the 1953 season to play a five-match Test series against England for The Ashes.	test series,match test,cricket team,australian cricket,england,cricket,team,match,test,season,series,australian,ashes
Count Philippe de Lannoy was a Belgian noble and Provincial Councillor of Hainaut.	provincial councillor,belgian noble,de lannoy,philippe de,count philippe,philippe,councillor,provincial,lannoy,noble,belgian,count,hainaut
The Fraser Lowland is a landform and physiographic region of the Pacific Northwest, in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington.	u.s. state,british columbia,canadian province,pacific northwest,physiographic region,fraser lowland,lowland,state,landform,u.s.,physiographic,columbia,region,british,pacific,province
Sir John William Sutton Pringle FRS  was a British zoologist.	british zoologist,pringle frs,sutton pringle,william sutton,john william,sir john,john,british,william,sutton,pringle,zoologist
Heavy Weather is the eighth album by Weather Report, released in 1977 through Columbia Records.	columbia records,weather report,eighth album,heavy weather,weather,columbia,report,eighth,album,records,heavy
Ma-mong-a-ze-da Big Foot") was an 18th-century Ojibwa chief from Shagawamikong.	ojibwa chief,century ojibwa,big foot,da big,mong,chief,ojibwa,century,foot
Marathon carriage is a type of modern-day carriage that is designed and used for driving competitions.	day carriage,marathon carriage,carriage,modern,type,marathon,competition
A bio fireplace is a type of fireplace or furnace with combined zones generation of heat and technological process – combustion of fuel .	technological process,zone generation,combined zone,bio fireplace,fireplace,combustion,process,furnace,technological,combined,heat,zone,generation,fuel
Teolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,podlaskie voivodeship,sokółka county,gmina janów,administrative district,village,eastern,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,podlaskie,janów,county
Qeshlaq-e Tumar Sadeq Moharram is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	ardabil province,savar county,bileh savar,dasht district,qeshlaq dasht,rural district,jonubi rural,sadeq moharram,e jonubi,tumar sadeq,district,qeshlaq,province,ardabil,county,savar,sadeq,moharram,bileh
The Grand Rapids Medical Corridor North Pedestrian Tunnel is a tunnel in Grand Rapids, Michigan connecting the Lemmen Holton Oncology Center with Butterworth Hospital and Helen DeVos Children's Hospital.	grand rapids,devos children,pedestrian tunnel,helen devos,north pedestrian,butterworth hospital,corridor north,medical corridor,rapids medical,oncology center,hospital,rapids,tunnel,oncology,holton,center,lemmen,devos,corridor,butterworth
Hybrid Theory Conferences were a series of academic conferences held at Yale University from 1997 through 2001.	yale university,academic conference,theory conference,hybrid theory,conference,theory,yale,series,academic,hybrid,university
James Gilmore was an American professional baseball player who played three games for the Washington Nationals during the 1875 season.	washington nationals,baseball player,professional baseball,american professional,james gilmore,gilmore,nationals,american,washington,professional,game,baseball,player,james,season
Fairs in Birbhum refers to the many fairs that take place in Birbhum district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	west bengal,indian state,birbhum district,birbhum,west,state,indian,district,fair,place,bengal
The Argentina national beach soccer team represents Argentina in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the AFA, the governing body for football in Argentina.	beach soccer,soccer team,soccer competition,international beach,argentina national,argentina,soccer,beach,body,competition,football,team,national,international
A Second Chance is a 2014 Danish thriller film directed by Susanne Bier.	susanne bier,thriller film,danish thriller,second chance,chance,susanne,danish,film,thriller,second,bier
Ara Soyza is a 1984 Sri Lankan Comedy film directed by Herbert Ranjith Peiris and produced by Dayasena Perera for Samagi Films.	samagi films,dayasena perera,ranjith peiris,herbert ranjith,comedy film,lankan comedy,sri lankan,ara soyza,soyza,samagi,perera,lankan,dayasena,comedy,peiris,film,ranjith
Sveinbjörn is a masculine Icelandic given name.	masculine,sveinbjörn,icelandic
Lino de Clemente was a figure in the movement to obtain Venezuelan independence from Spain.	venezuelan independence,de clemente,lino de,independence,clemente,venezuelan,figure,movement,lino,spain
Liam Reidy was an Irish sportsperson.	irish sportsperson,liam reidy,reidy,irish,liam,sportsperson
The emerald poison frog is a species of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae endemic to Peru.	dendrobatidae endemic,family dendrobatidae,poison frog,emerald poison,frog,endemic,poison,dendrobatidae,family,peru,emerald,species
A staple food, food staple, or simply a staple, is a food that is eaten routinely and in such quantities that it constitutes a dominant portion of a standard diet for a given people, supplying a large fraction of energy needs and generally forming a significant proportion of the intake of other nutrients as well.	significant proportion,energy need,large fraction,standard diet,food staple,dominant portion,staple food,food,intake,proportion,significant,need,energy,fraction,large,people,diet
Shimokawa is a town located in Kamikawa Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.	town,hokkaido,kamikawa,subprefecture,shimokawa,japan
Carlos Salinas de Gortari ; born 3 April 1948) is a Mexican economist and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as President of Mexico from 1988 to 1994.	revolutionary party,institutional revolutionary,mexican economist,carlos salinas,salinas,president,gortari,party,april,revolutionary,mexican,institutional,economist,politician
Dawn of the Dead is a 2004 American action horror film directed by Zack Snyder , produced by Richard P. Rubinstein, Marc Abraham and by Eric Newman and the screenplay written by James Gunn while the special effects for the film were done by Heather Langenkamp and David LeRoy Anderson, who co-own AFX Studio.	afx studio,leroy anderson,david leroy,special effect,heather langenkamp,james gunn,eric newman,marc abraham,p. rubinstein,richard p.,film,dead,anderson,american,leroy,david,action,abraham,eric
Rear Admiral Sir David Allen,  was a senior Royal Navy officer who served as Defence Services Secretary from 1988 to 1991.	services secretary,navy officer,defence services,royal navy,david allen,senior royal,sir david,admiral sir,rear admiral,admiral,services,defence,david,officer,allen,navy,senior,royal
Tacony is a historic neighborhood in Northeast Philadelphia, about 8 miles from downtown Philadelphia.	downtown philadelphia,northeast philadelphia,historic neighborhood,philadelphia,historic,neighborhood,northeast,mile,downtown,tacony
Bergeria haematochrysia is a moth of the family Erebidae.	family erebidae,bergeria haematochrysia,haematochrysia,family,moth,bergeria,erebidae
Chinlestegophis, a putative Triassic stereospondyl considered to be related to metoposauroids such as Rileymillerus, is an extinct genus of possible stereospondylian and has been noted to share many features with caecilians, a living group of legless burrowing amphibians.	burrowing amphibian,legless burrowing,possible stereospondylian,living group,extinct genus,triassic stereospondyl,putative triassic,putative,burrowing,triassic,legless,stereospondyl,group,metoposauroid,living,rileymillerus,caecilian
Christopher Ferris (born c.	ferris,christopher
Hanspeter Würmli is a Swiss former swimmer.	würmli,swiss,hanspeter,swimmer
Heteroglenea bastiensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,heteroglenea bastiensis,bastiensis,family,species,beetle,heteroglenea,cerambycidae
Corn Run is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, United States.	united states,columbia county,susquehanna river,corn run,united,tributary,pennsylvania,susquehanna,county,river,columbia,corn,states
Agyness Deyn is an English model and actress.	english model,agyness deyn,deyn,model,english,agyness,actress
Daniel LaDrew Vranes is an American retired professional basketball player.	basketball player,professional basketball,retired professional,american retired,ladrew vranes,daniel ladrew,ladrew,basketball,vranes,professional,american,retired,daniel,player
Laguerreia is a genus of arctiine tussock moths in the family Erebidae.	family erebidae,tussock moth,arctiine tussock,genus,family,arctiine,moth,tussock,laguerreia,erebidae
Tomáš Mažár is a Slovak handball	slovak handball,tomáš mažár,mažár,slovak,tomáš,handball
player, currently playing for HT Tatran Prešov in the Slovak Extraliga.	slovak extraliga,tatran prešov,ht tatran,slovak,tatran,prešov,player,extraliga
Neonatal isoerythrolysis, also known as hemolytic icterus or hemolytic anemia, is a disease most commonly seen in kittens and foals, but has also been reported in puppies.	hemolytic anemia,hemolytic icterus,neonatal isoerythrolysis,hemolytic,foal,isoerythrolysis,kitten,disease,anemia,puppy,neonatal,icterus
In mathematics, a collection of real numbers is rationally independent if none of them can be written as a linear combination of the other numbers in the collection with rational coefficients.	rational coefficient,linear combination,real number,collection,number,rational,linear,independent,combination,real,coefficient,mathematic
The Dry Mesa Dinosaur Quarry is situated in southwestern Colorado, United States, near the town of Delta.	united states,southwestern colorado,dinosaur quarry,mesa dinosaur,dry mesa,mesa,town,dinosaur,states,quarry,united,southwestern,colorado,delta
Satish Chandra is a Hindu given name, and may refer to,	chandra,satish,hindu
Hauke Fuhlbrügge is a German former middle distance runner.	distance runner,middle distance,hauke fuhlbrügge,fuhlbrügge,distance,german,middle,hauke,runner
The Municipality of Log-Dragomer ; Slovene: Občina Log-Dragomer) is a small municipality to the southwest of Ljubljana in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	carniola region,inner carniola,small municipality,občina log,municipality,dragomer,region,carniola,inner,ljubljana,southwest,slovene,občina
José Juan Gutiérrez Rojas is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for Potros UAEM.	potros uaem,mexican footballer,professional mexican,gutiérrez rojas,juan gutiérrez,josé juan,juan,potros,gutiérrez,footballer,rojas,mexican,professional,josé,uaem
Yaroslava Shvedova won the title, beating defending champion Mara Santangelo 6–4, 6–4 in the final.	mara santangelo,champion mara,yaroslava shvedova,shvedova,santangelo,title,mara,champion,yaroslava,final
Amalou Ighriben is a town and eastern suburb of Khenifra in Khénifra Province, Béni Mellal-Khénifra, Morocco.	béni mellal,khénifra province,eastern suburb,amalou ighriben,khénifra,ighriben,town,eastern,suburb,khenifra,béni,province,mellal,amalou
The Pavilion for Japanese Art is a part of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art containing the museum's collection of Japanese works that date from approximately 3000 BC through the 20th century.	japanese work,county museum,angeles county,los angeles,japanese art,japanese,museum,date,work,angeles,county
Delias ottonia is a species of pierine butterfly endemic to Mindanao in the Philippines.The wingspan is 73–80 mm.	butterfly endemic,pierine butterfly,delias ottonia,ottonia,wingspan,species,philippines,pierine,mindanao,butterfly,endemic,delias
Juan Antonio Arguelles Rius , also known as Arguru , was a prolific music software programmer and electronic musician, producer and songwriter, responsible for such applications as NoiseTrekker and Directwave.	electronic musician,software programmer,music software,arguelles rius,prolific music,antonio arguelles,juan antonio,antonio,noisetrekker,arguelles,application,rius,responsible,arguru,songwriter,prolific,producer
On My Own is a solo from the musical Les Misérables for the part of Éponine.	les misérables,musical les,-PRON- own,misérables,solo,musical,-PRON-,éponine
The molecular formula C8H12N4 may refer to:	molecular formula,formula,molecular
Sirauli is a town and a nagar panchayat in Bareilly district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	uttar pradesh,indian state,bareilly district,nagar panchayat,town,uttar,nagar,state,panchayat,indian,bareilly,district,sirauli,pradesh
Old Ocean is an unincorporated community in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.	united states,brazoria county,unincorporated community,old ocean,ocean,united,unincorporated,texas,community,county,brazoria,states
Ravi Raja Pinisetty is a noted Telugu film director who has directed many hit films with big stars in Telugu such as Chiranjeevi, Nandamuri Balakrishna, Mohan Babu, Rajasekhar and Daggubati Venkatesh.	daggubati venkatesh,mohan babu,nandamuri balakrishna,big star,film director,telugu film,raja pinisetty,ravi raja,telugu,film,daggubati,raja,rajasekhar,babu,mohan,balakrishna,pinisetty,nandamuri
Sy Weintraub was a movie and television producer best known for his series of Tarzan films and television episodes between 1959 and 1968.	television episode,tarzan film,television producer,sy weintraub,television,weintraub,movie,series,tarzan,producer,film,episode
Michael Greco is a British actor and poker player.	poker player,british actor,michael greco,greco,poker,british,actor,michael,player
Saeed Yousefzadeh is an Iranian footballer who plays for Malavan in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	pro league,gulf pro,persian gulf,iranian footballer,saeed yousefzadeh,yousefzadeh,iranian,gulf,footballer,persian,malavan,saeed,league
Mustafa Dirani was a member and held position of "the head of security" of the Amal movement in Lebanon associated with Syria.	amal movement,mustafa dirani,dirani,lebanon,member,movement,position,amal,head,security,mustafa,syria
The Mayr's honeyeater is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.	honeyeater,family,species,bird,mayr,meliphagidae
Allison Langdon is an Australian reporter, news presenter and author.	news presenter,australian reporter,allison langdon,langdon,presenter,australian,news,reporter,allison,author
Adolf Tobler was a Swiss-German linguist and philologist.	german linguist,adolf tobler,tobler,linguist,swiss,german,adolf,philologist
Tapurucuara Airport is an airport serving the Querari River village of Tapurucuara in the Vaupés Department of Colombia.	vaupés department,river village,querari river,tapurucuara airport,tapurucuara,airport,department,vaupés,river,village,querari,colombia
Warszawa Zoo railway station is a railway station in the Praga Północ district of Warsaw, Poland.	railway station,północ district,praga północ,zoo railway,warszawa zoo,warsaw,railway,district,station,północ,praga,warszawa,poland
Neudietendorf is a village and a former municipality in the district of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany.	village,thuringia,municipality,gotha,district,neudietendorf,germany
Stanley E. "Stan" Saylor is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 94th District and was elected in 1992.	pennsylvania house,republican member,stanley e.,stan,representatives,saylor,house,republican,pennsylvania,member,stanley
Laser Science and Technology Centre is a laboratory of the Defence Research & Development Organization .	development organization,defence research,technology centre,laser science,science,development,technology,research,centre,defence,laboratory,laser,organization
A Reminiscence of Dr.	reminiscence,dr
Harold Ernest Bilbrough  was the fourth Anglican Bishop of Dover in the modern era.	harold ernest bilbrough,fourth anglican bishop,modern era,dover
Jidayi may refer to:	jidayi may refer
Revolutionary Championship Wrestling is a Midwestern independent professional wrestling promotion based in Portsmouth, Ohio.	midwestern independent professional wrestling promotion based,revolutionary championship wrestling,portsmouth,ohio
Fallen Moon is a stand-alone collection of short stories by manga artist Toui Hasumi.	manga artist toui hasumi,short stories,fallen moon,alone collection,堕天の月,tsuki,stand,daten
William 'Bill' Mahoney was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the VFL in 1902 and for the St Kilda Football Club between 1904 and 1905.	st kilda football club,geelong football club,australian rules footballer,william,vfl,played,mahoney,bill,1904
Jacob Paul Tapper is an American journalist, author, and cartoonist.	jacob paul tapper,american journalist,cartoonist,author
Fimbar Williams is a Grenadian football player.	grenadian football player,fimbar williams
Otto Ernst Vinzent Leo von Below was a Prussian general officer in the Imperial German Army during the First World War.	otto ernst vinzent leo von,prussian general officer,imperial german army,first world war
Jean-Joseph-Xavier Bidauld was a French painter.	xavier bidauld,french painter,joseph,jean
Martin Johnston was an Australian poet and novelist.	martin johnston,australian poet,novelist
Download Series Volume 6 is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead.	rock band,live album,grateful dead
Nicholas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky.	nicholas county,county located,u,state,kentucky
Sohail Sangi is a senior journalist and activist of the leftist movement in Pakistan, presently working with the daily newspaper Dawn.	daily newspaper dawn,sohail sangi,senior journalist,presently working,leftist movement,pakistan,activist
Fred Griffiths was an English film and television actor.	television actor,fred griffiths,english film
Gregorio López-Bravo y Castro was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1969 and 1973.	29 december 1923,spanish politician,gregorio lópez,foreign affairs,spain,served,minister,madrid,castro,bravo,bilbao,1969
Karl Diebitsch was an artist and the Schutzstaffel officer responsible for designing much of the SS regalia during the Nazi era, including the chained SS officer's dagger scabbard.	chained ss officer,officer responsible,ss regalia,nazi era,karl diebitsch,designing much,dagger scabbard,ss,schutzstaffel,including,artist
Coeratadas was a Theban who commanded some Boeotian forces under Clearchus, the Spartan harmost at Byzantium, when the city was being besieged by the Athenians in 408 BC. He was a general in the Peloponnesian War and made a sensational" escape from Athens as a prisoner of war.When Clearchus crossed over to Asia to obtain money from Pharnabazus, and to collect forces, he left the command of the garrison to Helixus, a Megarian, and Coeratadas, who, soon after, were compelled to surrender themselves as prisoners when certain parties within the town opened the gates to Alcibiades.	officer responsible,karl diebitsch,nazi era,dagger scabbard,certain party,peloponnesian war,ss officer,spartan harmost,gregorio lópez,chained ss,officer,journalist,artist,william,county,wrestling,australian,force
Sitiawan was a federal constituency in Perak, Malaysia, that was represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1959 to 1974.	dewan rakyat,federal constituency,federal,dewan,constituency,malaysia,perak,sitiawan,rakyat
Heart of the Rockies is a 1937 American Western "Three Mesquiteers" B-movie directed by Joseph Kane.	joseph kane,american western,rockies,joseph,american,movie,western,mesquiteers,heart,kane
Efritin.com often simply referred to as Efritin is a classified advertisements website operating in Nigeria.	advertisement website,classified advertisement,efritin,website,classified,advertisement,efritin.com,nigeria
Ronald Graham Henry "Ron" McAlister was an Australian politician.	australian politician,graham henry,ronald graham,graham,australian,henry,mcalister,ronald,politician
Pejibaye is a small town in the District of Pejibaye along the Pejibaye River in Jiménez, Costa Rica.	costa rica,pejibaye river,small town,pejibaye,costa,jiménez,river,town,small,district,rica
Amrabad Kalan is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India.	madhya pradesh,bhopal district,amrabad kalan,kalan,pradesh,village,madhya,bhopal,district,amrabad,india
The Air Ambulance Service is a registered charity in the UK that runs two emergency air ambulances, the Warwickshire & Northamptonshire Air Ambulance and the Derbyshire, Leicestershire & Rutland Air Ambulance , and also operates the national Children's Air Ambulance, an emergency transfer service for seriously ill babies and children.	air ambulance,ambulance service,ill baby,emergency air,northamptonshire air,transfer service,rutland air,national children,emergency transfer,ambulance,service,emergency,baby,leicestershire,charity,rutland,derbyshire
Nash is a surname of Irish, English, Welsh or Jewish origin.	surname,jewish,irish,welsh,english,nash,origin
Barbara Bouchet is a German-American actress and entrepreneuse who lives and works in Italy.	american actress,barbara bouchet,bouchet,entrepreneuse,german,actress,american,barbara,italy
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its variants were the highest awards in the military of Nazi Germany during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded for a wide range of reasons and across all ranks, from a senior commander for skilled leadership of his troops in battle to a low-ranking soldier for a single act of extreme gallantry.	iron cross,extreme gallantry,skilled leadership,single act,war ii,high award,world war,nazi germany,senior commander,wide range,cross,extreme,single,soldier,battle,troop,leadership,skilled,commander
William Jefferson Clinton is an American politician who served as the 42nd president of the United States from 1993 to 2001.	united states,american politician,jefferson clinton,william jefferson,jefferson,united,clinton,president,american,politician,william,states
Richard Gordon Lancelyn Green was a British scholar of Arthur Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes, generally considered the world's foremost scholar of these topics.	foremost scholar,sherlock holmes,conan doyle,arthur conan,british scholar,lancelyn green,gordon lancelyn,richard gordon,scholar,gordon,lancelyn,green,sherlock,doyle,holmes,conan,world,british
Wimmeria is a genus of shrubs to small trees in the family Celastraceae.	family celastraceae,small tree,genus,family,shrub,tree,small,wimmeria,celastraceae
Ctenogobiops tangaroai, the silver-spotted shrimp-goby, is a species of bony fish of the family Gobiidae, native to the reefs which is widespread in the Indo-West Pacific, from the Red Sea and Western Indian Ocean through northern Australia and Taiwan, southern Japan and Fiji.	southern japan,northern australia,indian ocean,western indian,red sea,family gobiidae,west pacific,bony fish,ctenogobiop tangaroai,tangaroai,japan,silver,southern,shrimp,taiwan,goby,australia,species,northern
Lawrence "Lon" Safko is an American inventor, entrepreneur, author, trainer, and professional speaker.	professional speaker,american inventor,professional,safko,trainer,american,author,inventor,entrepreneur,lawrence,speaker
Alex Michael Faedo is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Detroit Tigers system.	tigers system,baseball pitcher,detroit tigers,professional baseball,american professional,michael faedo,alex michael,michael,tigers,faedo,detroit,american,pitcher,professional,baseball,alex,system
Saint-Rémy-de-Blot is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	central france,dôme department,central,auvergne,rémy,department,dôme,commune,blot,france
Thomas Henry Ashton, 4th Baron Ashton of Hyde , has served as a Minister in HM Government since 2014 and by profession is an insurance broker.	insurance broker,hm government,baron ashton,henry ashton,thomas henry,ashton,insurance,profession,government,henry,minister,hyde,baron
Lindelani Cyprian Ngidi is a South African slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 2003 to 2013.	international level,slalom canoeist,african slalom,south african,cyprian ngidi,lindelani cyprian,cyprian,international,ngidi,canoeist,south,slalom,african,lindelani,level
In S v Tembani, an important case in South African criminal law, the Supreme Court of Appeal held that the deliberate infliction of an intrinsically dangerous wound, from which the victim was likely to die without medical intervention, must generally lead to liability for an ensuing death, whether or not the wound was readily treatable, and even if the medical treatment given later was substandard or negligent—unless the victim had so recovered that at the time of the negligent treatment the original injury no longer posed a danger to his life.	original injury,medical treatment,medical intervention,negligent treatment,dangerous wound,deliberate infliction,supreme court,criminal law,african criminal,south african,wound,medical,treatment,victim,negligent,tembani,danger,important,case,south
Genuine American Monster is an album by Raymond Watts, under the name PIG. It was initially released in Japan in 1999, and did not see a release in the United States until 2002 October 22 on Metropolis Records.	metropolis records,united states,raymond watts,american monster,genuine american,american,metropolis,monster,october,album,states,raymond,united,watts,release
The Think-a-Dot was a mathematical toy made by E.S.R., Inc.	mathematical,e.s.r.,inc.
Rompiendo el Hielo is the 2002 debut album by reggaeton duo Magnate y Valentino.	duo magnate,reggaeton duo,debut album,el hielo,rompiendo el,magnate,hielo,debut,reggaeton,album,rompiendo,valentino
Across the Earth: Tear Down the Walls :: Tear Down The Walls) is the name for the 11th Hillsong United Album.	united album,hillsong united,walls,united,tear,hillsong,album,earth
Lake Danao is a guitar-shaped lake on the island of Leyte in the Philippines.	lake,leyte,island,danao,guitar,philippines
Richard J. Bonnie is the Harrison Foundation Professor of Law and Medicine, Professor of Public Policy, Professor of Psychiatry and Neurobehavioral Science, and Director of the Institute of Law, Psychiatry and Public Policy at the University of Virginia and the University of Virginia School of Law.	public policy,neurobehavioral science,foundation professor,harrison foundation,virginia school,j. bonnie,richard j.,professor,psychiatry,policy,bonnie,public,harrison,director,science
KAKM is a Public Broadcasting Service member television station licensed to Anchorage, Alaska, United States.	united states,television station,member television,service member,broadcasting service,public broadcasting,public,united,broadcasting,alaska,service,anchorage,member,station,television,kakm
The canton of La Montagne d'Alaric is an administrative division of the Aude department, southern France.	southern france,aude department,administrative division,montagne d'alaric,la montagne,southern,montagne,department,d'alaric,aude,administrative,division,canton,france
Samūm is a type of fire in the Quran in reference to infernal heat and in Extra-Quranic accounts, also to a kind of demon created from this fire.	quranic account,infernal heat,fire,type,extra,heat,quranic,infernal,account,reference,kind,quran
2017 MB7 is a trans-Neptunian object and damocloid on a cometary-like orbit from the outer Solar System, approximately 6 kilometers in diameter.	solar system,outer solar,like orbit,neptunian object,trans,kilometer,neptunian,system,object,solar,cometary,outer,like,orbit
Lacinipolia spiculosa is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae.	family noctuidae,lacinipolia spiculosa,spiculosa,family,species,moth,cutworm,lacinipolia,noctuidae
A Dreamers Christmas is an album of Christmas music by John Zorn released in October 2011 on the Tzadik label.	tzadik label,john zorn,christmas music,dreamers christmas,christmas,tzadik,october,music,zorn,john,label,dreamers,album
Catherine Lloyd Burns is an actress and writer, living in Brooklyn with her family.	lloyd burns,catherine lloyd,lloyd,brooklyn,burns,writer,actress,catherine,family
Hafiz or Hafez (Arabic: حافظ‎, "one who remembers" lit.	hafez,arabic,hafiz,حافظ‎
Max Siollun is a Nigerian historian that specializes on Nigerian history with a particular focus on the Nigerian military and how it has affected Nigeria's socio-political trajectory from the pre-colonial era to the present.	colonial era,political trajectory,nigerian military,particular focus,nigerian history,nigerian historian,max siollun,nigerian,colonial,siollun,trajectory,political,socio,nigeria,military
The 2008 Cornell Big Red football team represented Cornell University in the 2008 NCAA Division I FCS football season.	football season,ncaa division,cornell university,football team,red football,big red,cornell big,football,cornell,ncaa,division,university,team,season
War and Turpentine is a 2013 novel by Belgian author Stefan Hertmans, originally published by De Bezige Bij.	bezige bij,de bezige,stefan hertmans,author stefan,belgian author,turpentine,bezige,novel,belgian,hertmans,author,stefan
Porto Santo Airport  is an airport located in Vila Baleira, the capital of Porto Santo Island, Madeira.	porto santo,santo airport,vila baleira,santo island,santo,airport,island,capital,baleira,porto,vila,madeira
Euphaedra themis, the common Themis forester, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.	family nymphalidae,themis forester,common themis,euphaedra themis,themis,family,butterfly,forester,nymphalidae,euphaedra,common
Pikutkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	central poland,pomeranian voivodeship,włocławek county,brześć kujawski,gmina brześć,administrative district,village,central,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,pomeranian,brześć,kuyavian
La Lettrice, also known as "Reading Girl", is a marble sculpture created by Pietro Magni in 1856, the original version is kept at the Galleria d'Arte Moderna ,	d'arte moderna,galleria d'arte,original version,pietro magni,marble sculpture,la lettrice,lettrice,d'arte,girl,galleria,marble,version,sculpture,original,pietro,magni
 Details
Unlike traditional sculptures, La Lettrice does not have an unexpressive goddess face, instead it has human facial expressions.	facial expression,goddess face,human facial,unexpressive goddess,la lettrice,traditional sculpture,sculpture,facial,human,lettrice,face,unexpressive,goddess,traditional,expression
Căușeni District is a district in the central part of Moldova, with the administrative center at Căușeni.	administrative center,căușeni district,district,administrative,moldova,center,căușeni,central
Clube Municipal Ananindeua, or Ananindeua as it is usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Ananindeua in Pará, founded on January 3, 1978.	football team,brazilian football,municipal ananindeua,clube municipal,ananindeua,municipal,pará,football,brazilian,team,clube,january
Caught Live + 5 is a live album by The Moody Blues, consisting of a 12 December 1969 live show at the Royal Albert Hall and five previously unreleased studio recordings from 1967 to 1968.	studio recording,unreleased studio,albert hall,royal albert,moody blues,live album,live,studio,unreleased,hall,albert,royal,moody,blues,album,december
The 2010–11 season Borussia Dortmund began on 14 August 2010 with a DFB Cup match against Wacker Burghausen, and ended on 14 May 2011, last matchday of the Bundesliga, with a match against Eintracht Frankfurt.	eintracht frankfurt,wacker burghausen,cup match,dfb cup,borussia dortmund,season borussia,match,borussia,dortmund,eintracht,august,burghausen,matchday
Mersenius is a lunar impact crater that is located to the west of the Mare Humorum, in the southwestern part of the Moon.	mare humorum,impact crater,lunar impact,lunar,southwestern,impact,humorum,crater,mare,west,mersenius,moon
Coilback is a heavy metal / hard rock band from Dallas, Texas.	rock band,hard rock,heavy metal,heavy,dallas,metal,band,hard,rock,coilback,texas
The fourth season of Australian reality television series House Rules, also known as Crowded House Rules, began airing on 27 April 2016.	house rules,crowded house,series house,television series,reality television,australian reality,fourth season,rules,house,season,australian,reality,television,series,crowded,fourth,april
Laurence H. "Hack" Miller was an American professional baseball outfielder, who played in Major League Baseball from 1916 to 1925.	league baseball,major league,baseball outfielder,professional baseball,american professional,laurence h.,baseball,hack,miller,american,professional,major,outfielder,league,laurence
Argyra diaphana is a species of flies in the family Dolichopodidae.	family dolichopodidae,argyra diaphana,diaphana,family,species,argyra,dolichopodidae
Dambenoît-lès-Colombe is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.	eastern france,saône department,eastern,colombe,comté,commune,franche,haute,bourgogne,saône,region
Streetlights is the fourth album by Bonnie Raitt, released in 1974.	bonnie raitt,fourth album,fourth,bonnie,album,streetlights,raitt
Nușeni is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania.	commune,county,bistrița,năsăud,nușeni,romania
Deswa is an Indian Bhojpuri language film written and directed by Nitin Chandra.	nitin chandra,language film,bhojpuri language,indian bhojpuri,indian,nitin,bhojpuri,film,language,deswa,chandra
Hermann Kutschera was an Austrian architect.	austrian architect,hermann kutschera,kutschera,austrian,hermann,architect
Kordian is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,razavi khorasan,bakharz county,central district,rural district,bakharz rural,bakharz,district,province,khorasan,village,razavi,county,rural,iran,kordian
Richard Steven Horvitz , sometimes credited as Richard Wood, is an American actor and voice actor.	voice actor,american actor,richard wood,steven horvitz,richard steven,richard,actor,american,wood,steven,horvitz,voice
The tree kingfishers or wood kingfishers, subfamily Halcyoninae, are the most numerous of the three subfamilies of birds in the kingfisher family, with around 70 species divided into 12 genera, including several species of kookaburras.	kingfisher family,wood kingfisher,kingfisher,specie,wood,family,numerous,subfamily,halcyoninae,bird,genera,kookaburra
Hemphill, also known as Jackhorn, is an unincorporated community in Letcher County, Kentucky.	letcher county,unincorporated community,jackhorn,county,unincorporated,letcher,community,hemphill,kentucky
Clayton Knowles worked as the Washington correspondent for The New York Times from 1943-1971.	york times,new york,washington correspondent,clayton knowles,knowles,york,washington,correspondent,clayton,times
This is a list of convicted war criminals as according to the conduct and rules of warfare as defined by the Nuremberg Trials following World War II as well as earlier agreements established by the Hague Conferences of 1899 and 1907, the Kellogg-Briand Pact of 1928, and the Geneva Conventions of 1929 and 1949.	geneva conventions,briand pact,hague conferences,early agreement,war ii,world war,nuremberg trials,war criminal,geneva,pact,briand,kellogg,conferences,hague,agreement,warfare,rule
Otis Halbert Holmes was a U.S. Representative from Washington, and grandson of Dudley Chase Haskell.	chase haskell,u.s. representative,dudley chase,halbert holmes,otis halbert,halbert,chase,holmes,dudley,u.s.,grandson,representative,washington,otis,haskell
Daniel Léo Simpson is an American composer.	american composer,léo simpson,daniel léo,american,simpson,daniel,composer
Howard "Howdy" Myers Jr.	howdy,myers,howard
Thomas Rogers and Anne Rogers were English counterfeiters convicted on 15 October 1690, for "Clipping 40 pieces of Silver" .	english counterfeiter,anne rogers,thomas rogers,rogers,piece,october,english,counterfeiter,silver,thomas,anne
Patto were an English progressive rock band, formed in London in 1970.	rock band,progressive rock,english progressive,english,band,progressive,rock,patto,london
Postal codes in the Cayman Islands are used by the Cayman Islands Postal Service to route inbound mail to groups of Post Office Boxes in the country.	office boxes,cayman islands,post office,inbound mail,postal service,islands postal,postal code,postal,boxes,office,post,group,mail,inbound,service,cayman,code
Bedtime Story is a 1964 comedy film made by Pennebaker Productions.	pennebaker productions,comedy film,bedtime story,story,pennebaker,comedy,film,bedtime,productions
The phylum Sarcomastigophora belongs to the Protista or protoctista kingdom and it includes many unicellular or colonial, autotrophic, or heterotrophic organisms.	heterotrophic organism,protoctista kingdom,phylum sarcomastigophora,sarcomastigophora,heterotrophic,protista,autotrophic,protoctista,colonial,kingdom,unicellular,phylum,organism
Phaeothyriolum is a genus of fungi in the Microthyriaceae family.	genus,microthyriaceae,fungus,phaeothyriolum,family
Joshua Leonard Nesbitt is a former American football safety for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League .	football league,national football,buffalo bills,football safety,american football,leonard nesbitt,joshua leonard,football,leonard,nesbitt,american,buffalo,bills,safety,national,joshua,league
Apsectus araneorum is a species of carpet beetle in the family Dermestidae.	family dermestidae,carpet beetle,apsectus araneorum,araneorum,family,species,beetle,carpet,apsectus,dermestidae
The Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey program represented the University of Minnesota during the 2016-17 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.	ice hockey,hockey program,ncaa division,gophers woman,hockey season,golden gophers,minnesota golden,hockey,minnesota,woman,program,university,golden,ncaa,gophers,division
Philip Davis Guggenheim is an American film and television director and producer.	television director,american film,davis guggenheim,philip davis,davis,director,guggenheim,television,american,film,philip,producer
Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father is a 2008 American documentary conceived and created by Kurt Kuenne.	kurt kuenne,american documentary,-PRON- father,a letter,dear zachary,zachary,kurt,documentary,letter,american,father,-PRON-,dear
Why Georgia is the third single released by John Mayer from his first album, Room for Squares.	single,room,john,album,mayer,georgia,squares
Lady Mary Christina Holborow, DCVO was a British magistrate who was Lord Lieutenant of Cornwall.	lord lieutenant,british magistrate,christina holborow,mary christina,lady mary,mary,lieutenant,christina,lord,holborow,magistrate,dcvo,british,lady,cornwall
Still Life is the second album of rock band Dukes, and was released on November 8, 2010 through Play Nicely.	band dukes,rock band,second album,second,november,album,dukes,rock,band,life,play
Ghost Rider is a song by the protopunk band Suicide appearing on their debut album.	debut album,band suicide,protopunk band,ghost rider,rider,debut,song,suicide,protopunk,band,ghost,album
Claire Kirby is a New Zealand beauty queen.	beauty queen,zealand beauty,new zealand,claire kirby,kirby,beauty,zealand,claire,queen
Haze is a singer-songwriter, known for his work in the dance music genre, with hit singles such as "Changes" and "Freak".	hit single,music genre,dance music,singer,change,songwriter,single,work,dance,genre,music,haze
Marquis of Porto Seguro was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree of king Philip III of Portugal dated from 8 April 1627, and granted to D. Afonso of Lencastre, 2nd son of Álvaro of Lencastre, 3rd Duke of Aveiro.	philip iii,d. afonso,king philip,royal decree,portuguese title,porto seguro,lencastre,porto,seguro,duke,portuguese,title,nobility,royal,decree,king
Ghazi Abdel Baki is a musician, composer, producer.	abdel baki,ghazi abdel,abdel,composer,baki,musician,ghazi,producer
Richard Karl August Kletting was an influential architect in Utah.	influential architect,august kletting,karl august,richard karl,karl,architect,august,influential,kletting,richard,utah
Tomáš Krupčík is a Czech biathlete.	czech biathlete,tomáš krupčík,krupčík,czech,tomáš,biathlete
The Maryland Metropolitan Transition Center , formerly known as the historic "Maryland Penitentiary", is a maximum pre-trial security Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services prison located in Baltimore facing Greenmount Avenue between Forrest Street and East Madison Street.	madison street,east madison,forrest street,services prison,greenmount avenue,correctional services,public safety,maryland department,security maryland,trial security,maryland,street,prison,services,baltimore,correctional,greenmount,safety,avenue,public
Madden Army Airfield is a former United States Army Air Forces World War II air base on Panama as part of the defense of the Panama Canal.	panama canal,air base,ii air,war ii,world war,forces world,air forces,states army,united states,army airfield,army,panama,base,world,united,airfield,states,forces
Strophedra is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.	family tortricidae,subfamily olethreutinae,genus,family,moth,olethreutinae,subfamily,strophedra,tortricidae
Rojęczyn  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	central poland,poland voivodeship,greater poland,leszno county,gmina rydzyna,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,rydzyna,leszno,county,greater,west
The Achterhoek ; Dutch Low Saxon: Achterhook) is a region in the eastern part of the Netherlands.	low saxon,dutch low,dutch,eastern,region,saxon,achterhook,achterhoek,netherlands
Shaun Barry Haig in Auckland is a New Zealand former cricketer who played First-class and List A cricket for the Otago Volts.	otago volts,new zealand,barry haig,shaun barry,barry,otago,haig,cricket,auckland,list,class,zealand,first
The Alternate Blues is a 1980 album featuring the trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie, Clark Terry, and Freddie Hubbard, supported by a quartet led by Oscar Peterson.	oscar peterson,freddie hubbard,clark terry,dizzy gillespie,trumpeter dizzy,alternate blues,blues,oscar,album,quartet,trumpeter,hubbard,dizzy,freddie,gillespie,terry
Siriroj Darasuriyong is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Thailand.Darasuriyong represented Thailand at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	summer olympics,sprint athlete,field sprint,siriroj darasuriyong,darasuriyong,thailand,olympics,summer,field,sprint,track,athlete,beijing,siriroj
Hasan Cemalovic is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian architect.	herzegovinian architect,hasan cemalovic,cemalovic,herzegovinian,bosnian,hasan,architect
The Little River is a 96-mile-long tributary of the Ouachita River in central Louisiana in the United States.	united states,central louisiana,ouachita river,long tributary,little river,river,united,louisiana,central,tributary,long,ouachita,states,little
Slaymaster is a fictional comic book character from Marvel Comics's Captain Britain series.	britain series,captain britain,marvel comics,book character,comic book,fictional comic,fictional,britain,comic,captain,book,comics,character,marvel,slaymaster,series
A Latin settlement is a community founded by German immigrants to the United States in the 1840s.	united states,german immigrant,latin settlement,settlement,united,community,immigrant,german,latin,states
Exomalopsis mellipes is a species of hymenopteran in the family Apidae.	family apidae,exomalopsis mellipe,mellipe,family,species,hymenopteran,exomalopsis,apidae
Hazel Creek is a tributary stream of the Little Tennessee River in the southwestern Great Smoky Mountains of North Carolina.	north carolina,smoky mountains,great smoky,tennessee river,southwestern great,little tennessee,tributary stream,hazel creek,creek,north,tributary,mountains,stream,smoky,little,great,tennessee,southwestern
Gopurathinkal Sukumaran Nair; born 18 April 1941) is the present General Secretary of Nair Service Society, which claims to represent the Nair community that constitutes almost 14.5% of the population of the state.	nair community,service society,nair service,general secretary,sukumaran nair,present general,gopurathinkal sukumaran,nair,population,sukumaran,community,present,general,april,secretary,service,society
Nino Khurtsidze was a Georgian chess player.	chess player,georgian chess,nino khurtsidze,khurtsidze,chess,georgian,nino,player
Azhagi is a freeware transliteration tool used to convert the words to regional languages like Tamil, Hindi and some other Indian languages which The Hindu named as among the transliteration tools that "stand out" in 2002.	transliteration tool,regional language,indian language,freeware transliteration,language,transliteration,freeware,tool,word,hindi,regional,hindu,tamil,indian
Goran Višnjić ; born September 9, 1972) is a Croatian American actor who has appeared in American and British films and television productions.	television production,british film,american actor,croatian american,goran višnjić,american,višnjić,television,september,film,croatian,british,goran,production,actor
Bentheuphausia amblyops, the deep sea krill is a species of krill.	sea krill,deep sea,bentheuphausia amblyop,amblyop,krill,deep,bentheuphausia,species
Angela Maria , the stage name of Abelim Maria da Cunha, was a Brazilian singer and actress.	brazilian singer,da cunha,maria da,abelim maria,angela maria,maria,singer,brazilian,cunha,stage,abelim,actress,angela
Lace schools were common in Britain from the 17th to 19th century to teach lace-making.	lace school,lace,britain,common,school,century,making
The Christavia Mk I is a Canadian homebuilt aircraft designed by Ron Mason.	ron mason,homebuilt aircraft,canadian homebuilt,christavia mk,canadian,aircraft,homebuilt,christavia,mason
My PYT is a song by American rapper Wale featuring uncredited vocals from Sam Sneak for his studio album, Shine.	studio album,sam sneak,uncredited vocal,rapper wale,american rapper,-PRON- pyt,album,song,studio,american,sneak,rapper,wale,vocal
Treesmill is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	hamlet,united,cornwall,england,treesmill,kingdom
In the common law tradition, the law of domestic relations is a broad category that encompasses:	broad category,domestic relation,law tradition,common law,broad,relation,domestic,category,common,tradition
alimony, spousal support, or other maintenance;	spousal,support,alimony,maintenance
the establishment of paternity;	establishment,paternity
the establishment or termination of parental rights;	termination,parental,establishment,right
Emancipation of minors.In some jurisdictions, guardianships, truancy, and matters related to juvenile delinquency are considered part of the law of domestic relations.	domestic relation,juvenile delinquency,minor,domestic,jurisdiction,guardianship,delinquency,truancy,juvenile,matter,emancipation
Rijnsaterwoude is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland.	south holland,dutch province,village,south,dutch,province,rijnsaterwoude,holland
Portrait of Madame de Senonnes is an 1814 painting by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres.	dominique ingre,de senonnes,madame de,madame,dominique,auguste,senonnes,jean,painting,portrait,ingre
Ann Rosenblatt, known as Ann Ronell was an American composer and lyricist.	american composer,ann ronell,ann rosenblatt,composer,ronell,american,rosenblatt,lyricist
The Nahuan or Aztecan languages are those languages of the Uto-Aztecan language family that have undergone a sound change, known as Whorf's law, that changed an original *t to /tɬ/ before *a.	aztecan language,sound change,language family,language,aztecan,original,whorf,change,sound,family
Harold Dewey Smith was an American civil servant who served as director of the United States Bureau of the Budget during the Second World War.	world war,states bureau,second world,civil servant,united states,american civil,dewey smith,harold dewey,dewey,world,smith,second,american,budget,civil,bureau,servant,states
Birmingham is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.	united states,clay county,village,united,clay,missouri,county,birmingham,states
Alcan was a Canadian mining company and aluminum manufacturer.	aluminum manufacturer,mining company,canadian mining,canadian,aluminum,mining,company,alcan,manufacturer
Euodynerus megaera is a species of stinging wasp in the family Vespidae.	family vespidae,stinging wasp,euodynerus megaera,megaera,family,species,wasp,stinging,euodynerus,vespidae
Love and Deficit is a 1932 Swedish comedy film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Sigurd Wallén, Tutta Rolf and Edvin Adolphson.The film's art direction was by Arne Åkermark.	arne åkermark,art direction,edvin adolphson,tutta rolf,sigurd wallén,gustaf molander,comedy film,swedish comedy,film,deficit,arne,swedish,direction,wallén,tutta,sigurd,rolf,comedy
The Thai Canal, also known as Kra Canal or Kra Isthmus Canal, refers to proposals for a canal that would connect the Gulf of Thailand with the Andaman Sea	andaman sea,isthmus canal,kra isthmus,kra canal,thai canal,canal,andaman,thailand,gulf,isthmus,thai,proposal
The Argus bare-eye is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	family thamnophilidae,argus bare,bare,family,bird,species,argus,thamnophilidae
Joanna Frank 	joanna,frank
 Career
She is the elder sister of the late Steven Bochco, the producer of Hill Street Blues and NYPD Blue, and the wife, since March 11, 1978 of actor Alan Rachins of Dharma and Greg and L. A. Law.	a. law,alan rachins,l. a.,nypd blue,actor alan,street blues,hill street,steven bochco,late steven,eld sister,sister,late,steven,greg,bochco,dharma,producer,rachins
Mount Darwin is one of seven districts in the Mashonaland Central province of Zimbabwe.	central province,mashonaland central,mount darwin,darwin,province,district,central,mashonaland,mount,zimbabwe
Baguley is an electoral ward of the city of Manchester in Wythenshawe, England.	electoral,wythenshawe,ward,manchester,city,baguley,england
Bramber Castle is an electoral division of West Sussex in the United Kingdom and returns one member to sit on West Sussex County Council.	west sussex,united kingdom,county council,sussex county,electoral division,bramber castle,sussex,west,castle,county,electoral,division,kingdom,united,member,bramber
Grayson|Reed are an American Christian music duo from Nashville, Tennessee, and they started making music together in 2016.	music duo,christian music,american christian,music,american,christian,nashville,tennessee,grayson|reed
Georgia Museum of Natural History is the U.S. state of Georgia's museum of natural history in Athens.	natural history,u.s. state,georgia museum,history,georgia,museum,state,natural,u.s.,athens
Erodium cicutarium, also known as redstem filaree, redstem stork's bill, common stork's-bill or pinweed, is a herbaceous annual – or in warm climates, biennial – member of the family Geraniaceae of flowering plants.	family geraniaceae,warm climate,herbaceous annual,common stork's,redstem stork,redstem filaree,erodium cicutarium,bill,redstem,geraniaceae,cicutarium,family,member,biennial,climate,warm,annual
Cebulki  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	northern poland,masurian voivodeship,nidzica county,gmina kozłowo,administrative district,village,northern,administrative,voivodeship,district,masurian,gmina,warmian,kozłowo,county
Tikti Mach'ay is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres high.	metre high,tikti mach'ay,mach'ay,metre,mountain,peru,andes,tikti,high
Hervé Boussard  was a French cyclist.	french cyclist,hervé boussard,boussard,french,hervé,cyclist
All That I Can Say is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige.	j. blige,mary j.,artist mary,american,artist,mary,song,blige
Petrarch is a crater on Mercury at latitude -30, longitude 26.5.	crater,latitude,mercury,petrarch,longitude
Kappa Beta Pi is a Legal Association which was formerly a professional law sorority in the United States.	united states,law sorority,professional law,legal association,beta pi,kappa beta,beta,united,sorority,legal,association,professional,kappa,states
Parasilvanus is a genus of beetles in the family Silvanidae, containing the following species:	following specie,family silvanidae,genus,following,beetle,silvanidae,family,parasilvanus,specie
Eric Frede is an American sportscaster who has worked for NESN since 2002.	american sportscaster,eric frede,frede,sportscaster,american,eric,nesn
Branko "Isusek" Pleše ; 12 January 1915 in Delnice – 28 March 1980 in Zagreb) was a Croatian footballer who played international football for the Croatian and both the royal and communist Yugoslavian national teams.	national team,yugoslavian national,communist yugoslavian,international football,croatian footballer,croatian,isusek,national,pleše,yugoslavian,january,delnice,communist,march,royal
Tom Friedman is an American conceptual sculptor.	conceptual sculptor,american conceptual,tom friedman,friedman,conceptual,american,sculptor
Elizabeth Cavendish, later Elizabeth Talbot, Countess of Shrewsbury (c.	elizabeth talbot,elizabeth cavendish,elizabeth,shrewsbury,talbot,countess,cavendish
This is a list of German television related events from 1998.	related event,television related,german television,german,related,television,list,event
Cha Yu-ram is a South Korean professional pool player.	pool player,professional pool,korean professional,south korean,cha yu,pool,professional,south,korean,player
Emergency – Ward 10 is a British medical soap opera series shown on ITV between 1957 and 1967.	opera series,soap opera,medical soap,british medical,ward,series,british,opera,medical,soap,emergency
Trombidium heterotrichum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.	family trombidiidae,genus trombidium,trombidium heterotrichum,trombidium,family,species,mite,heterotrichum,genus,trombidiidae
HMS Victor Emmanuel was a screw-propelled 91-gun second-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, originally launched as HMS Repulse, but renamed shortly after being launched.	hms repulse,royal navy,rate ship,victor emmanuel,hms victor,rate,second,ship,screw,line,emmanuel,royal,victor,navy
A newspaper holiday or press holiday is a monthly holiday in Japan for newspaper delivery companies and newspapers.	delivery company,newspaper delivery,monthly holiday,press holiday,newspaper holiday,holiday,newspaper,japan,delivery,company,press,monthly
The men's 400 metres hurdles at the 2010 European Athletics Championships was held at the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys on 28, 29 and 31 July.	lluís companys,olímpic lluís,athletics championships,estadi olímpic,european athletics,metre hurdle,metre,companys,hurdle,lluís,european,olímpic,athletics,estadi,championships
Fantastic architecture is an architectural style featuring attention-grabbing buildings.	architectural style,fantastic architecture,architecture,attention,architectural,style,fantastic,building
IronMind Enterprises, Inc.	enterprises,ironmind,inc.
Isabella Foster Rogers Kells was a New Zealand teacher, postmistress and community leader.	community leader,zealand teacher,new zealand,rogers kells,foster rogers,isabella foster,foster,community,rogers,postmistress,kells,teacher,zealand,isabella,leader
The Charities Aid Foundation is a registered UK charity.	uk charity,registered uk,aid foundation,charities aid,foundation,registered,charities,charity
Charles Sammarone was the mayor of the industrial city of Youngstown in northeastern Ohio.	northeastern ohio,industrial city,charles sammarone,sammarone,northeastern,mayor,youngstown,industrial,city,charles,ohio
Guardians of Liberty is a three volume set of books published in 1943 by Bishop Alma Bridwell White, author of over 35 books and founder of the Pillar of Fire Church.	fire church,bridwell white,alma bridwell,bishop alma,book,fire,liberty,pillar,volume,founder,bridwell,alma,white,bishop
James Ford is a fictional character from the ABC original soap opera One Life to Live.	soap opera,original soap,abc original,fictional character,james ford,ford,opera,fictional,soap,character,original,james,life
Rasheh Hormeh is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,west azerbaijan,sardasht county,central district,rural district,baryaji rural,rasheh hormeh,district,province,hormeh,azerbaijan,village,west,baryaji,county,rural,sardasht
Emil Diener is a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the 1930s.	swiss bobsledder,emil diener,diener,bobsledder,swiss,emil
Events from the year 1950 in France.	year,event,france
That Wonderful Urge is a 1948 20th Century Fox screwball comedy film directed by Robert B. Sinclair and starring Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney.	gene tierney,tyrone power,b. sinclair,comedy film,robert b.,screwball comedy,fox screwball,century fox,wonderful urge,urge,gene,power,century,tyrone,sinclair,screwball
Ali Hajji-ye Pain is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,south khorasan,khusf county,mazhan district,rural district,e mazhan,barakuh rural,ye pain,ali hajji,district,hajji,province,khorasan,pain,south,village,county,barakuh
Poltringen is a village in the centre of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	village,württemberg,centre,baden,poltringen,germany
The NFL playoffs are a single-elimination tournament held after the National Football League 's regular season to determine the NFL champion.	nfl champion,regular season,football league,national football,elimination tournament,nfl playoff,national,tournament,football,elimination,league,single,regular,playoff,season
Rondo Island is an outlying island of Indonesia and the country's northernmost island.	northernmost island,outlying island,rondo island,island,country,indonesia,northernmost,rondo,outlying
Adenylate kinase  is a phosphotransferase enzyme that catalyzes the interconversion of adenine nucleotides .	adenine nucleotide,phosphotransferase enzyme,phosphotransferase,adenine,enzyme,interconversion,kinase,nucleotide
Elem Germanovich Klimov was a Soviet Russian film director.	film director,russian film,soviet russian,germanovich klimov,elem germanovich,germanovich,film,klimov,russian,soviet,elem,director
Lüliang or Lyuliang is a prefecture-level city in the west of Shanxi province, People's Republic of China, bordering Shaanxi province across the Yellow River to the west, Jinzhong and the provincial capital of Taiyuan to the east, Linfen to the south, and Xinzhou to the north.	provincial capital,yellow river,shaanxi province,shanxi province,level city,west,province,xinzhou,lyuliang,south,prefecture,linfen,east,taiyuan,level
Valerio Mantovani is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Salernitana.	central defender,professional footballer,italian professional,valerio mantovani,mantovani,defender,italian,central,professional,footballer,valerio,salernitana
Billie Dean Letts was an American novelist and educator.	american novelist,dean letts,billie dean,dean,novelist,letts,american,billie,educator
Tigger is a fictional tiger character originally introduced in The House at Pooh Corner, the sequel to Winnie the Pooh by A. A. Milne.	a. milne,pooh corner,a. a.,tiger character,fictional tiger,pooh,fictional,tiger,character,house,sequel,corner,winnie,tigger
Sycyna Południowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	central poland,masovian voivodeship,zwoleń county,gmina zwoleń,administrative district,sycyna południowa,zwoleń,południowa,central,village,east,administrative,voivodeship,district,masovian,gmina
Pougues-les-Eaux is a railway station in Pougues-les-Eaux, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France.	eaux,comté,franche,bourgogne,station,railway,pougues,france,pougue
The arsenate ion is AsO3−4.	arsenate
Conus quiquandoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous.	genus conus,family conidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,conus quiquandoni,snail,conus,predatory,conidae,cone,family,ally,mollusk,specie,gastropod
Echigo-Horinouchi Station is a railway station on the Jōetsu Line in Uonuma, Niigata, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company .	railway company,japan railway,jōetsu line,east japan,railway station,horinouchi station,japan,railway,station,horinouchi,uonuma,line,niigata,jōetsu,echigo,east
László Zsidai is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Paksi SE and the Hungary national team.	national team,hungary national,paksi se,hungarian footballer,lászló zsidai,zsidai,national,hungarian,hungary,footballer,paksi,lászló,team
Silvio Spaventa was an Italian journalist, politician and statesman who played a leading role in the unification of Italy, and subsequently held important positions within the newly formed Italian state.	italian state,important position,leading role,italian journalist,silvio spaventa,italian,spaventa,role,leading,unification,statesman,italy,politician,important,journalist
Raimondas Vilčinskas is a retired Lithuanian professional road and track cyclist.	track cyclist,professional road,lithuanian professional,retired lithuanian,raimondas vilčinskas,vilčinskas,track,retired,road,lithuanian,professional,raimondas,cyclist
Villa Río Hondo is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.	del estero,santiago del,río hondo,villa río,estero,hondo,municipality,santiago,village,villa,argentina
FC Ikva Mlyniv is a Ukrainian football club from Mlyniv, Rivne Oblast.	rivne oblast,football club,ukrainian football,ikva mlyniv,fc ikva,mlyniv,ikva,rivne,football,ukrainian,club,oblast
Mitchell Township is a township in Wilkin County, Minnesota, United States.	united states,wilkin county,mitchell township,township,united,minnesota,county,wilkin,states,mitchell
Igualda posticalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Igualda.	genus igualda,family cerambycidae,igualda posticalis,igualda,posticalis,species,beetle,family,cerambycidae,specie,genus
Moto-Chōshi Station is a railway station on the privately operated Choshi Electric Railway Line in Chōshi, Chiba, Japan.	railway line,electric railway,choshi electric,railway station,chōshi station,chōshi,station,railway,chiba,line,choshi,electric,japan,moto
Martín Ruiz de Gamboa de Berriz ; 1533 – 1590) was a Spanish Basque conquistador who served as a Royal Governor of Chile.	royal governor,basque conquistador,de berriz,spanish basque,gamboa de,martín ruiz,ruiz,governor,gamboa,royal,conquistador,berriz,basque,spanish,martín
Delailoa was a Fijian High Chief.He had an instrumental role in maintaining the fortunes of the Vuanirewa under the reign of his relative Malani.	relative malani,instrumental role,high chief,fijian high,fijian,relative,high,reign,chief,vuanirewa,instrumental,fortune,role,delailoa
Salem Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church at 147 Washington College Road at the Washington College Academy in Tennessee.	washington college,presbyterian church,college road,college academy,salem presbyterian,college,washington,presbyterian,academy,church,road,salem,tennessee
General elections were held in Lebanon between 24 March and 7 April 1968.	election,march,lebanon,general,april
Chagnoald  was a Frankish bishop of Laon during the 7th century.	frankish bishop,frankish,bishop,laon,chagnoald,century
Miglos is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,ariège department,commune,southwestern,ariège,department,miglos,france
The 2006 Elections in Washington will include races for the US Senate, US House and Washington State Legislature.	state legislature,washington state,us house,us senate,washington,state,race,house,legislature,senate,elections
Leslie R. Mordecai served as the International Commissioner of the Scout Association of Jamaica, and as a member of the Interamerican Region Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, he was instrumental in the 20th World Scout Conference.In 1965, Mordecai was awarded the 35th Bronze Wolf, the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.	world organization,scout movement,scout conference,world scout,bronze wolf,world scouting,exceptional service,region committee,world,scout,mordecai,committee,movement,member,bronze,interamerican,jamaica
Radical 60 meaning "step" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals composed of three strokes.	radical,step,kangxi,stroke
WVMY-LP was the local Home Shopping Network affiliate for Toledo, Ohio.	network affiliate,shopping network,home shopping,local home,toledo,local,affiliate,home,network,shopping,wvmy,ohio
Okanagan Hockey School is a series of instructional ice hockey camps for youth players.	youth player,hockey camp,ice hockey,instructional ice,hockey school,okanagan hockey,hockey,youth,camp,series,instructional,school,player,okanagan
Shrove Monday, sometimes known as Collopy Monday, Rose Monday, Merry Monday or Hall Monday, is a Christian observance falling on the Monday before Ash Wednesday every year.	ash wednesday,christian observance,hall monday,merry monday,rose monday,collopy monday,shrove monday,monday,wednesday,christian,observance,year,shrove,collopy,rose,merry
Allegra Kent is an American ballet dancer, actress, children's book author and columnist.	book author,ballet dancer,american ballet,allegra kent,kent,author,american,book,ballet,child,dancer,actress,allegra,columnist
Russian President Boris Yeltsin established the Ministry of the Russian Federation for Affairs for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Consequences of Natural Disasters , also known as The Ministry of Emergency Situations, MChS , or internationally as EMERCOM on January 10, 1994.	emergency situations,natural disaster,civil defence,russian federation,boris yeltsin,president boris,russian president,ministry,russian,emercom,mchs,situations,emergencies,defence,elimination,civil,consequences
Robert E. Lewis was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and previously was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado.	united states,states court,circuit judge,states circuit,eighth circuit,states district,tenth circuit,district judge,district court,e. lewis,circuit,district,united,states,appeals,court,judge,lewis,eighth
Landahaussy or Landahussy is a small village and townland near Plumbridge in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.	northern ireland,county tyrone,small village,landahussy,northern,small,tyrone,village,county,townland,plumbridge,landahaussy,ireland
A carbon sink is a natural or artificial reservoir that accumulates and stores some carbon-containing chemical compound for an indefinite period.	indefinite period,chemical compound,artificial reservoir,carbon sink,carbon,indefinite,compound,chemical,artificial,reservoir,natural,accumulate,sink,store
The Erciyes University Astronomy and Space Science Observatory Applied Research Center  is a radio astronomy observatory operated by the Astronomy and Space Sciences Department at Erciyes University's Faculty of Science.	erciyes university,university astronomy,research center,applied research,observatory applied,science observatory,astronomy observatory,radio astronomy,space sciences,sciences department,astronomy,university,observatory,space,science,research,center,department,applied,erciyes
The Roman theatre of Tarraco was a Roman theatre built in Tarraco in the time of Augustus in the area of the local forum and the port, the planners took advantage of the steep slope of the hill to build part of the seating.	roman theatre,steep slope,local forum,tarraco,hill,slope,steep,advantage,planner,port,forum,local,area
The 1994 Croydon Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England.	borough council,london borough,council election,croydon london,croydon council,london,council,croydon,place,member,election,borough,england
Espagnole sauce ) is a basic brown sauce, and is one of Auguste Escoffier's five mother sauces of classic French cooking.	french cooking,classic french,mother sauce,auguste escoffier,brown sauce,basic brown,espagnole sauce,sauce,french,classic,escoffier,auguste,mother,basic,brown,cooking,espagnole
Ceramic colorants are added to a glaze or a clay to create color.	colorant,clay,glaze,ceramic,color
Dasturan Rural District is a rural district in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	rural district,khorasan province,razavi khorasan,joghatai county,central district,dasturan rural,district,province,rural,khorasan,razavi,county,joghatai,iran,dasturan,central
Bowman Hollow is a tributary of Mehoopany Creek in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	united states,wyoming county,mehoopany creek,bowman hollow,hollow,united,tributary,pennsylvania,mehoopany,county,creek,wyoming,bowman,states
Călin Peter Netzer ; born 1 May 1975) is a Romanian film director who won the Golden Bear at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival.	film festival,international film,berlin international,golden bear,film director,peter netzer,romanian film,călin peter,film,peter,netzer,bear,romanian,golden,berlin,director
John Forbes Nash Jr.	nash jr.,forbes nash,john forbes,forbes,nash,john
A stiftung is an institution/foundation which, with the aid of a property, pursues a purpose determined by the founder.	institution,purpose,foundation,property,stiftung,founder
Althin Caleb, was a Swedish painter, illustrator and art teacher.	art teacher,swedish painter,swedish,painter,illustrator,caleb,teacher
Jonathan Schanzer is an American author and scholar in Middle Eastern studies, and senior vice president of research at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.	vice president,senior vice,eastern study,middle eastern,american author,jonathan schanzer,schanzer,defense,american,foundation,author,research,scholar,president,middle,vice
Lukáš Galvas is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the Czech Extraliga .	czech extraliga,hockey defenceman,ice hockey,professional ice,lukáš galvas,czech,galvas,hockey,professional,defenceman,lukáš,extraliga
Foretinib is an experimental drug candidate for the treatment of cancer.	drug candidate,experimental drug,experimental,treatment,drug,candidate,foretinib,cancer
Bhurghata is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.	central bangladesh,barisal division,barisal district,barisal,central,village,southern,division,bangladesh,bhurghata,district
Gerhard Charles Kallevig was a Norwegian businessman in transport and insurance.	norwegian businessman,charles kallevig,gerhard charles,charles,transport,kallevig,businessman,norwegian,gerhard,insurance
In shogi, brinkmate or hisshi is the situation in which an unavoidable 詰め tsume checkmate sequence will be created by the player's next move.	checkmate sequence,tsume checkmate,詰め tsume,unavoidable 詰め,brinkmate,sequence,hisshi,checkmate,situation,tsume,unavoidable,shogi,player
Luis Enrique Carpio Ascuña is a Peruvian teacher and politician.	peruvian teacher,carpio ascuña,enrique carpio,luis enrique,enrique,teacher,carpio,peruvian,ascuña,luis,politician
Firuzabad is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,razavi khorasan,quchan county,central district,rural district,atiq rural,quchan atiq,quchan,district,province,khorasan,village,razavi,county,rural,atiq,iran
Zarrin Ju is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	lorestan province,delfan county,kakavand district,rural district,shomali rural,e shomali,zarrin ju,district,province,village,lorestan,itivand,county,delfan,shomali
The Body Issue is an edition of ESPN The Magazine that features dozens of athletes in nude and semi-nude photographs, which is intended to rival the annual Swimsuit Issue from Sports Illustrated.	sports illustrated,swimsuit issue,nude photograph,annual swimsuit,the magazine,espn the,body issue,issue,nude,sports,magazine,dozen,athlete,espn,photograph,annual
Auxilius of Naples was an ecclesiastical writer.	naples,ecclesiastical,auxilius,writer
Horizon Chase - World Tour is an arcade racing video game developed and published by Brazilian team Aquiris Game Studio.	game studio,aquiris game,team aquiris,video game,brazilian team,racing video,arcade racing,world tour,horizon chase,game,chase,world,tour,arcade,racing,video,team,brazilian,aquiris
Guy Bois is a French Marxist historian.	marxist historian,french marxist,guy bois,bois,marxist,french,historian
North Georgia is the hilly to mountainous northern region of the U.S. state of Georgia.	u.s. state,northern region,mountainous northern,north georgia,georgia,region,northern,u.s.,mountainous,state,north
Turn Down for What is a song by DJ Snake and Lil Jon released on December 18, 2013.	lil jon,dj snake,song,snake,what,december
Thomas Bradford Gilles is an American former professional baseball pitcher.	baseball pitcher,professional baseball,bradford gilles,thomas bradford,bradford,baseball,gilles,professional,american,thomas,pitcher
Bel Durel Avounou is a Congolese international footballer who plays professionally for French team Orléans, on loan from Stade Malherbe Caen, as a midfielder.	malherbe caen,team orléans,stade malherbe,international footballer,french team,congolese international,durel avounou,bel durel,durel,caen,avounou,malherbe,congolese,stade,international,loan,footballer,orléans
Typhlodromus vulgaris is a species of predatory mite belonging to the family Phytoseiidae.	family phytoseiidae,predatory mite,typhlodromus vulgaris,vulgaris,family,species,mite,predatory,typhlodromus,phytoseiidae
István Maróthy is a Hungarian former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,istván maróthy,maróthy,summer,hungarian,wrestler,istván,olympics
The compact city or city of short distances is an urban planning and urban design concept, which promotes relatively high residential density with mixed land uses.	land us,mixed land,residential density,design concept,high residential,urban design,urban planning,short distance,compact city,urban,city,land,mixed,density,residential,high,concept,design,distance
Ian Blackwood is a Canadian photographer, musician/producer, and actor known for being the vocalist/guitarist of the now defunct Toronto-based punk rock band The Artist Life, and for playing Kyle Bateman on the CTV teen hit Instant Star.	instant star,ctv teen,kyle bateman,artist life,rock band,punk rock,canadian photographer,defunct toronto,ian blackwood,blackwood,instant,canadian,teen,photographer,musician,bateman,producer,kyle
The 418th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.	force unit,air force,states air,united states,training squadron,inactive united,fighter training,tactical fighter,tactical,force,fighter,training,states,squadron,united,inactive
The 86th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , honored the best films of 2013 and took place on March 2, 2014, at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m.	los angeles,good film,dolby theatre,picture arts,awards ceremony,motion picture,academy awards,academy,angeles,hollywood,theatre,dolby,march,place,film,good
Sir Richard Ros , was an English poet, the son of Sir Thomas Ros, lord of Hamlake in Yorkshire and of Belvoir in Leicestershire.	thomas ros,sir thomas,english poet,richard ros,sir richard,belvoir,yorkshire,hamlake,lord,poet,english,richard
ATV: Quad Frenzy is a 2005 racing video game developed for the Nintendo DS by Skyworks Technologies and published by Majesco Entertainment.	majesco entertainment,skyworks technologies,nintendo ds,video game,quad frenzy,quad,majesco,frenzy,technologies,video,skyworks,game,nintendo
Sitalcicus incertus is a species of harvestmen in the family Podoctidae.	species,family,harvestman,incertus,podoctidae
When Robots Go Bad is the third studio album released by Hexstatic.	album,studio,robots,hexstatic
Kino's Journey: the Beautiful World , shortened to Kino's Journey, is a Japanese light novel series written by Keiichi Sigsawa, with illustrations by Kouhaku Kuroboshi.	kouhaku kuroboshi,keiichi sigsawa,novel series,light novel,japanese light,beautiful world,journey,kouhaku,illustration,sigsawa,keiichi,series,novel,light,japanese,world
The Longest Memory is a short novel by British writer Fred D'Aguiar that was published in 1994.	fred d'aguiar,writer fred,british writer,short novel,longest memory,memory,fred,short,writer,novel,british,longest,d'aguiar
The buff arches is a moth of the family Drepanidae.	moth,family,buff,drepanidae
Legs of Gold is a 1958 Italian sports film directed by Turi Vasile and Antonio Margheriti and starring Totò, Memmo Carotenuto and Rossella Como.	rossella como,memmo carotenuto,antonio margheriti,turi vasile,sport film,italian sport,gold,rossella,italian,carotenuto,sport,memmo,film,totò,turi,margheriti
The Hang Suspension Bridges Road is the ancient route linking the Valley Traslasierra with the city of Villa Carlos Paz in the Córdoba Province, Argentina.	córdoba province,carlos paz,valley traslasierra,villa carlos,ancient route,bridges road,suspension bridges,hang suspension,suspension,province,bridges,córdoba,road,ancient,carlos,route,villa
Richard Edward Pain is an Anglican bishop.	anglican bishop,edward pain,richard edward,edward,anglican,pain,richard,bishop
Queen's Park is a heritage-listed botanic garden at Sussex Street, Maryborough, Fraser Coast Region, Queensland, Australia.	coast region,fraser coast,sussex street,botanic garden,park,queensland,heritage,region,botanic,coast,garden,fraser,sussex,maryborough
This is an incomplete list of lakes in Hungary.	list,lake,incomplete,hungary
Acid Cryptofiler is a software designed by the department for "control of information" of the French General Directorate of Armament .Acid Cryptofiler is based on the integration of government cryptographic libraries, including a CCSD API .	ccsd api,cryptographic library,general directorate,government cryptographic,french general,acid cryptofiler,cryptofiler,ccsd,library,cryptographic,government,information,french,control,general,department
Ralf Waldmann was a German Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	road racer,motorcycle road,prix motorcycle,grand prix,german grand,ralf waldmann,waldmann,road,german,motorcycle,grand,prix,ralf,racer
Patricia Jean Rosier was a New Zealand writer, editor and feminist activist.	feminist activist,zealand writer,new zealand,jean rosier,patricia jean,jean,feminist,rosier,editor,writer,zealand,patricia,activist
Samba ) is a Brazilian music genre and dance style, with its roots in Africa via the West African slave trade and African religious traditions, particularly of Angola and the Congo, through the samba de roda genre of the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia, from which it derived.	brazilian state,religious tradition,northeastern brazilian,roda genre,african religious,slave trade,african slave,dance style,west african,music genre,african,brazilian,genre,samba,state,root,africa,style,tradition,angola
Björn Einarsson is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Vetlanda BK as forward.	vetlanda bk,bandy player,swedish bandy,björn einarsson,einarsson,vetlanda,swedish,player,bandy,björn
Wallace Stuart Finlayson , known as Wallace Douglas, was a Canadian producer, director and actor.The son of Robert Barnett Finlayson and Emiline Marcia Bird, his brother, actor Robert Douglas Finlayson, also used the stage name Douglas.He married four times, to Pamela Frost, Anne Crawford, Phillippa Avril Kennedy and Peggy Chester.	peggy chester,avril kennedy,douglas finlayson,phillippa avril,anne crawford,robert douglas,pamela frost,marcia bird,actor robert,emiline marcia,douglas,finlayson,actor,robert,peggy,kennedy,avril,phillippa,wallace,crawford
Swashbuckler films are a subgenre of the action film genre, often characterised by swordfighting and adventurous heroic characters, known as swashbucklers.	heroic character,adventurous heroic,film genre,action film,swashbuckler film,film,adventurous,heroic,swordfighting,character,swashbuckler,genre,subgenre,action
The Grand National is an original classic greyhound racing competition held at Central Park Stadium over the hurdles.	park stadium,central park,racing competition,greyhound racing,classic greyhound,original classic,grand national,national,stadium,original,park,classic,central,greyhound,competition,racing,grand
Asura Balbalta is the seventh album by South Korean hip-hop duo Leessang.	duo leessang,hop duo,korean hip,south korean,seventh album,asura balbalta,balbalta,seventh,album,south,korean,asura,leessang
The Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission is the regulator of the capital market of Bangladesh, comprising Dhaka Stock Exchange and Chittagong Stock Exchange .	stock exchange,chittagong stock,dhaka stock,capital market,exchange commission,bangladesh securities,exchange,bangladesh,stock,capital,regulator,market,commission,dhaka,securities,chittagong
Harry Carr Maupin was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons.	baseball pitcher,league baseball,major league,american major,carr maupin,harry carr,carr,pitcher,maupin,baseball,american,league,major,harry,season
Nebothriomyrmex is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae containing the single species Nebothriomyrmex majeri.	nebothriomyrmex majeri,specie nebothriomyrmex,single specie,subfamily dolichoderinae,nebothriomyrmex,subfamily,dolichoderinae,single,genus,specie,majeri
The 2016 Championship was the 53rd staging of the competition since its establishment by the Cavan County Board in 1908.	county board,cavan county,county,staging,cavan,competition,establishment,championship,board
Dragon Challenge was a pair of intertwined, inverted roller coasters in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter area of Universal Studios' Islands of Adventure in Orlando, Florida, United States.	united states,universal studios,potter area,harry potter,wizarding world,roller coaster,inverted roller,dragon challenge,challenge,united,pair,florida,inverted,orlando,roller,adventure,coaster,islands
Trichodezia albofasciata is a moth in the family Geometridae.	moth,family,trichodezia,geometridae
The Williams Pinball Controller is an arcade system board used for several pinball games designed by Williams and Midway between 1990 and early 1999.	pinball game,system board,arcade system,pinball controller,williams pinball,pinball,williams,midway,arcade,system,controller,board,game,early
The term online deliberation describes the emerging field of practice and research related to the design, implementation and study of deliberative processes that rely on the use of electronic information and communications technologies .	communication technology,electronic information,deliberative process,online deliberation,term online,online,communication,deliberation,information,field,electronic,practice,research,process
Psygnosis Limited was a video game developer and publisher headquartered at Wavertree Technology Park in Liverpool, England.	technology park,wavertree technology,game developer,video game,psygnosis limited,limited,liverpool,video,park,game,technology,developer,wavertree,publisher,psygnosis
Bassipterus is a genus of eurypterid, an extinct group of aquatic arthropods.	aquatic arthropod,extinct group,genus,aquatic,eurypterid,group,extinct,bassipterus,arthropod
Charley Eugene Johns was an American politician.	american politician,eugene johns,charley eugene,eugene,american,johns,charley,politician
The Chief Cabinet Secretary of Japan is a Minister of State who is responsible for directing the Cabinet Secretariat of Japan.	cabinet secretariat,cabinet secretary,chief cabinet,cabinet,japan,state,responsible,minister,secretary,secretariat,chief
Ada Anderson, née Nymand was a British athlete famous for her feats of pedestrianism in the latter half of the 19th century.	athlete famous,british athlete,née nymand,ada anderson,anderson,half,nymand,pedestrianism,british,feat,athlete,famous
Kerstin Rehders is a German rower.	german rower,kerstin rehders,rehders,german,kerstin,rower
Haletown is an unincorporated community in Marion County, Tennessee, United States.	united states,marion county,unincorporated community,unincorporated,united,community,tennessee,marion,county,haletown,states
Duke of Cumberland is a peerage title that was conferred upon junior members of the British Royal Family, named after the historic county of Cumberland.	historic county,royal family,british royal,junior member,peerage title,cumberland,british,member,royal,junior,family,title,historic,peerage,county
Fort van der Capellen is a small 19th-century Dutch fort in Batusangkar, West Sumatra, Indonesia.	west sumatra,dutch fort,century dutch,fort van,fort,sumatra,west,batusangkar,small,capellen,century,dutch
The Client List is an American television drama series based on the 2010 television film of the same name, which aired on the Lifetime network.	lifetime network,television film,drama series,television drama,american television,client list,television,list,lifetime,american,film,drama,series,client,network
Mordellistena testacepennis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family.	mordellidae family,mordellistena genus,mordellistena testacepenni,mordellistena,mordellidae,genus,species,testacepenni,beetle,family
The Dream Room was Erich Maria Remarque's first novel, published under the name Erich Remark.	erich remark,maria remarque,erich maria,dream room,erich,room,remarque,maria,novel,dream,remark
James Smith (c.	smith,james
Chhong Bunnath is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Angkor Tiger in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia U-23.	cambodian league,angkor tiger,cambodian footballer,chhong bunnath,cambodian,cambodia,bunnath,league,angkor,footballer,tiger,chhong
Edean Anderson Ihlanfeldt, pronounced island-felt, (born c.	anderson ihlanfeldt,edean anderson,anderson,island,ihlanfeldt,edean
The Constantinople massacre of 1821 was orchestrated by the authorities of the Ottoman Empire against the Greek community of Constantinople in retaliation for the outbreak of the Greek War of Independence .	greek war,greek community,ottoman empire,constantinople massacre,greek,constantinople,authority,ottoman,massacre,empire,retaliation,outbreak,community
The walking anemone , also known as the hedgehog anemone or sock anemone, is a species of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria.	order actiniaria,sea anemone,hedgehog anemone,walking anemone,anemone,order,species,actiniaria,walking,hedgehog
Internal Affairs is a 1990 American crime thriller film set in Los Angeles about the police department's Internal Affairs Division.	internal affairs,thriller film,crime thriller,american crime,los angeles,police department,affairs division,affairs,film,angeles,thriller,police,crime,department,internal,american
Charles Arthur William Aylen was an Anglican bishop.	anglican bishop,william aylen,arthur william,charles arthur,arthur,anglican,william,aylen,charles,bishop
Soundaranayakipuram is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	tamil nadu,thanjavur district,village,nadu,pattukkottai,tamil,thanjavur,district,soundaranayakipuram,india
The Bing Crosby Show for General Electric was a 30-minute variety old-time radio program starring entertainer Bing Crosby.	bing crosby,crosby show,general electric,variety old,time radio,radio program,entertainer bing,bing,crosby,show,general,electric,variety,time,radio,program
Wedding Bells is a short animated film distributed by Columbia Pictures, and one of many featuring Krazy Kat.	krazy kat,columbia pictures,wedding bells,bells,krazy,short,pictures,film,columbia,wedding
Ahmed Abdi Ogle is a politician from Wajir who was elected three times to the Kenyan Parliament for the Wajir South Constituency under the one party system.	party system,south constituency,wajir south,kenyan parliament,abdi ogle,ahmed abdi,wajir,abdi,party,ogle,constituency,politician,south,kenyan,time,parliament
Joe Melia was a British actor.	british actor,joe melia,melia,british,actor
David "Jack" Pottinger was a Jamaican painter.	jack,jamaican,pottinger,david,painter
Joyce Rosalind Aryee, also known as "Auntie Joyce", is a Ghanaian former politician, reverend minister and business person.	business person,reverend minister,auntie joyce,rosalind aryee,joyce rosalind,joyce,business,minister,reverend,politician,ghanaian,aryee,rosalind,auntie,person
Events from the year 1213 in Ireland.	year,event,ireland
Bainbridge Lake is a lake located south east of Port Alberni, British Columbia.	british columbia,port alberni,south east,bainbridge lake,lake,british,alberni,port,east,south,columbia,bainbridge
Roger "Scott" Mateer was an American songwriter and radio disc jockey in the Jackson, Mississippi area.	mississippi area,disc jockey,radio disc,american songwriter,scott,mississippi,mateer,jackson,american,jockey,songwriter,disc,radio,roger
Manakamana Secondary School is a school located in Jorpati, Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal.	secondary school,manakamana secondary,school,capital,secondary,kathmandu,jorpati,nepal,manakamana
The Snijders-Oomen nonverbal intelligence tests, shortly the SON-tests, are intelligence tests appropriate for children and adults from two and a half to forty years old.	intelligence test,year old,test appropriate,nonverbal intelligence,oomen nonverbal,test,year,oomen,half,nonverbal,adult,intelligence,child,appropriate
Xaa-Pro aminopeptidase 3, also known as aminopeptidase P3, is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the XPNPEP3 gene.	pro aminopeptidase,aminopeptidase,human,enzyme,gene
The San Francisco Public Library is the public library system of the city of San Francisco.	public library,san francisco,francisco public,library system,francisco,public,library,system,city
Carl Ruehrmund was a German-born architect who worked briefly in Germany and then immigrated to the United States, establishing a successful practice and legacy in Richmond, Virginia.	successful practice,united states,carl ruehrmund,ruehrmund,richmond,german,legacy,architect,practice,germany,successful,united,states
Eriboll is a village in Sutherland, Scotland.	village,sutherland,eriboll,scotland
My Grandfather, The Cubist is an album by Joy Electric.	joy electric,-PRON- grandfather,grandfather,cubist,album,-PRON-,electric
Věžovatá Pláně is a village and municipality in Český Krumlov District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	czech republic,bohemian region,south bohemian,krumlov district,český krumlov,věžovatá pláně,pláně,czech,village,region,municipality,bohemian,český,south,krumlov,district
René Donnio was a French film actor.	film actor,french film,rené donnio,donnio,film,french,rené,actor
Spuyten Duyvil is an upper middle class neighborhood of the Bronx, New York City.	york city,class neighborhood,new york,middle class,upper middle,spuyten duyvil,duyvil,york,upper,middle,bronx,class,neighborhood,spuyten,city
The 1992 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Hockenheimring in Hockenheim, Germany on 26 July 1992.	motor race,grand prix,german grand,grand,germany,prix,hockenheim,formula,hockenheimring,motor,race,german,july
Gökçeözü is a village in the District of Gölpazarı, Bilecik Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,bilecik,gölpazarı,gökçeözü,turkey
The aldehyde tag is a short peptide tag which can be introduced into fusion proteins and by subsequent treatment with the formylglycine-generating enzyme a reactive aldehyde group is generated for further coupling.	aldehyde group,subsequent treatment,reactive aldehyde,fusion protein,peptide tag,short peptide,aldehyde tag,aldehyde,group,treatment,formylglycine,subsequent,enzyme,protein,reactive,fusion
Kanji is a fermented drink made in India for the festival of Holi.Kanji is made with water, black carrots, beetroot, mustard seeds and heeng.	mustard seed,black carrot,fermented drink,kanji,seed,mustard,beetroot,carrot,black,india,drink,festival,water
Rafael Arenillo Cusi, also known by his nickname Popoy Cusi, is a Filipino artist who specializes in watercolour.	filipino artist,popoy cusi,nickname popoy,arenillo cusi,rafael arenillo,cusi,artist,arenillo,filipino,nickname,popoy,watercolour,rafael
The Fuxin railway station is a railway station of Jingshen Passenger Railway located in the People's Republic of China.	railway station,passenger railway,jingshen passenger,fuxin railway,railway,republic,people,jingshen,station,passenger,china,fuxin
The Lars J. Fiksdal House is a historic house at 619 West 1st Street in Webster, South Dakota.	south dakota,historic house,fiksdal house,j. fiksdal,lars j.,house,south,webster,fiksdal,street,west,dakota,lars
Vadersdorf is a village on the island of Fehmarn in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	village,schleswig,island,state,fehmarn,german,vadersdorf,holstein
Conway, the Kerry Dancer is a 1912 American silent documentary produced by Kalem Company.	kalem company,silent documentary,american silent,kerry dancer,kerry,kalem,dancer,documentary,american,silent,conway,company
Suzanne Gitzi is a Canadian female country music singer.	music singer,country music,female country,canadian female,suzanne gitzi,gitzi,music,canadian,country,female,suzanne,singer
Cleopatrick is a Canadian indie rock band based out of Cobourg, Ontario.	rock band,indie rock,canadian indie,canadian,cobourg,indie,band,rock,cleopatrick,ontario
Denis Dalton is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League during the 1960s and a former international lawn bowler.	lawn bowler,football league,international lawn,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,denis dalton,dalton,lawn,australian,international,rule,footballer,league,collingwood,football
The Ministry of Food Processing Industries is a ministry of the Government of India responsible for formulation and administration of the rules and regulations and laws relating to food processing in India.	food processing,processing industries,india responsible,india,food,ministry,processing,administration,rule,formulation,regulation,responsible
Absalomichthys velifer is an extinct, prehistoric spinyfin that lived during the Upper Miocene of what is now Southern California.	southern california,upper miocene,prehistoric spinyfin,absalomichthys velifer,velifer,southern,extinct,miocene,prehistoric,upper,spinyfin,absalomichthys,california
Jana vandeschricki is a moth in the family Eupterotidae.	family eupterotidae,jana vandeschricki,vandeschricki,family,moth,jana,eupterotidae
Ladenburg is a town in the district of Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	town,württemberg,district,baden,rhein,kreis,neckar,ladenburg,germany
Arsinoë II was a Ptolemaic queen and co-regent of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of ancient Egypt.	ancient egypt,ptolemaic kingdom,ptolemaic queen,arsinoë ii,ptolemaic,ancient,kingdom,queen,regent,egypt,arsinoë
Turbonilla miona is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	family pyramidellidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,turbonilla miona,miona,pyram,species,pyramidellidae,family,snail,mollusk,marine,gastropod
General Baptists are Baptists who hold the general or unlimited atonement view, the belief that Jesus Christ died for the entire world and not just for the chosen elect.	entire world,jesus christ,atonement view,unlimited atonement,general baptists,world,entire,christ,jesus,belief,view,atonement,unlimited,general,baptists
A field coil is an electromagnet used to generate a magnetic field in an electro-magnetic machine, typically a rotating electrical machine such as a motor or generator.	electrical machine,magnetic machine,magnetic field,field coil,magnetic,machine,field,motor,coil,electromagnet,electro,generator,electrical
Noasaurus is a genus of ceratosaurian theropod dinosaur genus from the late Campanian-Maastrichtian of Argentina.	late campanian,dinosaur genus,theropod dinosaur,ceratosaurian theropod,genus,maastrichtian,campanian,late,theropod,ceratosaurian,dinosaur,argentina,noasaurus
Woodleigh Replicas is a park of miniatures situated in the rural community of Burlington outside Kensington, Prince Edward Island.	edward island,prince edward,rural community,woodleigh replicas,replicas,edward,park,prince,miniature,kensington,rural,burlington,community,woodleigh
HD 159868 b is an extrasolar planet that orbits HD 159868.	extrasolar,planet
Nithsdale Wanderers Football Club are a senior football club based in Sanquhar in the Dumfries and Galloway area of Scotland.	football club,senior football,galloway area,wanderers football,nithsdale wanderers,football,club,area,galloway,wanderers,dumfries,sanquhar,senior,scotland,nithsdale
Periamygdaloid cortex is a portion of the rhinencephalon consisting of paleocortex.	cortex,rhinencephalon,portion,periamygdaloid,paleocortex
Ardscoil Rís is a voluntary/state-funded, all-boys, Roman Catholic secondary school in Limerick, Ireland.	secondary school,catholic secondary,roman catholic,ardscoil rís,limerick,voluntary,school,state,secondary,catholic,roman,ardscoil
Cyana detrita is a moth of the family Erebidae.	family erebidae,cyana detrita,detrita,family,moth,cyana,erebidae
Jona Marie Soquite , is a Filipino singer who rose the title of The Voice Teens, between Isabela Vinzon, Soquite is one of the three contenders in the grand finale she choose Sarah Geronimo as a coach.	sarah geronimo,grand finale,isabela vinzon,voice teens,filipino singer,marie soquite,jona marie,soquite,geronimo,sarah,marie,finale,grand,voice,title,teens,singer
Greatest Hits, Volume 2 is a hits compilation album from American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt.	linda ronstadt,producer linda,american singer,compilation album,hit compilation,greatest hits,hits,linda,volume,producer,songwriter,compilation,singer,album,american
The Dr Sun Yat-sen Museum is a museum in Central, Hong Kong.	hong kong,sen museum,sun yat,dr sun,museum,hong,central,kong
Darnell Marcus Lamar Fizer is an American former professional basketball player.	basketball player,lamar fizer,professional basketball,marcus lamar,darnell marcus,marcus,basketball,lamar,professional,fizer,american,darnell,player
Ernest Worrall was an English artist and teacher.	english artist,ernest worrall,worrall,artist,english,ernest,teacher
John Robert William Vesey, 4th Viscount de Vesci "Yvo", was an Anglo-Irish peer and British Army officer.	army officer,de vesci,british army,irish peer,viscount de,william vesey,robert william,john robert,robert,army,william,british,vesey,peer,irish,viscount,anglo
Ernesto Beckmann Geisel , German pronunciation: ; August 3, 1907 – September 12, 1996) was a Brazilian Army officer and politician, who was President of Brazil from 1974 to 1979, during the Brazilian military government.	military government,army officer,brazilian military,german pronunciation,brazilian army,beckmann geisel,ernesto beckmann,brazilian,beckmann,geisel,german,military,pronunciation,august,politician,officer,president
Dungeons & Dragons is a comic book series by IDW Publishing, based on the 4th Edition core setting of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, except for the Legends of Baldur's Gate mini-series which is tied to the 5th Edition.The series included one ongoing series, eight mini-series, and an annual.	ongoing series,gate mini,playing game,fantasy role,core setting,dragons fantasy,edition core,idw publishing,series,edition,dragons,game,legends,playing,baldur,role,gate,fantasy
Sultan is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	village,rayon,lachin,sultan,azerbaijan
The Danish Seamen’s Church and Church Abroad is a Protestant church.	protestant church,church abroad,’s church,seamen ’s,danish seamen,church,seamen,abroad,protestant,danish
The Golden Age is a song recorded by Danish indie pop band The Asteroids Galaxy Tour.	galaxy tour,asteroids galaxy,pop band,indie pop,danish indie,golden age,galaxy,song,asteroids,danish,band,indie,golden,tour
Syringa reticulata (Japanese tree lilac; Chinese: 暴马丁香 bao ma ding xiang; Japanese: ハシドイ, translit.	japanese tree,syringa reticulata,japanese,reticulata,暴马丁香,chinese,tree,xiang,syringa,translit
Empire Balfour was a 7,201 ton refrigerated cargo ship which was built by Lithgows Ltd, Port Glasgow in 1944 for the Ministry of War Transport .	war transport,port glasgow,lithgows ltd,cargo ship,empire balfour,balfour,ministry,cargo,glasgow,ship,port,lithgows
Le Invasioni Barbariche in Italia is Professor Pasquale Villari's popular account of the barbarian invasions of the Roman Empire from the Antonines to the coronation of Charlemagne in 800 A.D. as Holy Roman Emperor.	roman emperor,roman empire,holy roman,barbarian invasion,popular account,pasquale villari,professor pasquale,invasioni barbariche,le invasioni,roman,invasioni,barbariche,italia,professor,pasquale,villari,popular,account,coronation
Men-Tsee-Khang , also known as Tibetan Medical and Astro Institute, is a charitable institution based in Dharamshala, Himachal Pradesh, India.	himachal pradesh,charitable institution,astro institute,tibetan medical,tsee,pradesh,khang,himachal,tibetan,dharamshala,medical,institution,astro,charitable
Heather Trost is an American violinist and singer.	american violinist,heather trost,trost,violinist,american,heather,singer
Rubén Oseguera González ; born 14 February 1990), commonly referred to by his alias El Menchito ), is a U.S.-born Mexican suspected drug lord and former high-ranking leader of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel , a criminal group based in Jalisco.	criminal group,generation cartel,new generation,drug lord,el menchito,jalisco new,alia el,oseguera gonzález,rubén oseguera,jalisco,oseguera,gonzález,february,alia,menchito,mexican,drug
The men's 400 metre freestyle event at the 2005 Maccabiah Games took place on 13 July at the Wingate Institute.	wingate institute,maccabiah games,freestyle event,metre freestyle,metre,wingate,freestyle,july,event,place,maccabiah,games,institute
Brady Seals is an American country music artist.	music artist,country music,american country,brady seals,seals,music,american,country,brady,artist
En helt vanlig dag på jobben is a 2010 Norwegian comedy-drama directed by Terje Rangnes, starring Jan Gunnar Røise, Jon Øigarden and Ingar Helge Gimle.	helge gimle,ingar helge,jon øigarden,gunnar røise,jan gunnar,terje rangnes,norwegian comedy,vanlig dag,helt vanlig,vanlig,helge,ingar,jobben,øigarden,norwegian,comedy,røise
Trichorhina mulaiki is a species of woodlouse in the family Platyarthridae.	family platyarthridae,trichorhina mulaiki,mulaiki,family,species,woodlouse,trichorhina,platyarthridae
County State-Aid Highway 3 is a regional county highway in Pennington County, Minnesota.	pennington county,county highway,regional county,aid highway,county state,county,highway,state,regional,pennington,minnesota
Formiciinae is an extinct subfamily of ants known from Eocene deposits in Europe and North America.	north america,eocene deposit,extinct subfamily,extinct,north,subfamily,europe,deposit,eocene,formiciinae,america
The Armenian Genocide , also known as the Armenian Holocaust, was the Ottoman government's systematic extermination of 1.5 million Armenians, mostly citizens within the Ottoman Empire.	ottoman empire,systematic extermination,ottoman government,armenian holocaust,armenian genocide,ottoman,armenian,holocaust,extermination,systematic,armenians,government,citizen,genocide,empire
Bruce Craven is an American novelist, screenwriter, and educator.	american novelist,bruce craven,craven,screenwriter,american,novelist,bruce,educator
Erigeron flabellifolius is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names fan-leaf fleabane .Erigeron flabellifolius is native to the mountains in the vicinity of Yellowstone National Park and Grand Teton National Park in Montana and Wyoming.	national park,teton national,grand teton,leaf fleabane,name fan,yellowstone national,common name,american specie,daisy family,north american,flabellifolius,park,national,montana,daisy,family,plant,common,specie,name
Bogense ) is a town in central Denmark, located on Funen in Nordfyn municipality, Region of Southern Denmark.	southern denmark,nordfyn municipality,central denmark,denmark,town,central,municipality,nordfyn,region,funen,southern,bogense
Terror was a Furor-class destroyer of the Spanish Navy that fought at San Juan, Puerto Rico during the Spanish–American War.	american war,puerto rico,san juan,spanish navy,class destroyer,spanish,furor,class,american,destroyer,juan,puerto,navy,rico
Harry's is an American company that manufactures and sells shaving equipment and Men's personal care products via online and retail channels.	retail channel,care product,personal care,shaving equipment,american company,american,retail,company,online,shaving,product,equipment,care,personal
I Am Ready is American country music artist Steve Wariner's tenth full-length album.	length album,steve wariner,artist steve,music artist,country music,american country,american,length,country,tenth,music,wariner,artist,steve,ready,album
Space Command was a Canadian children's science fiction television adventure series, broadcast on CBC Television in 1953 and 1954, the first time the network aired its own dramatic series.Each program presented life on the fictional space station XSW1 operated by the worldwide Space Command, featuring the activities of Frank Anderson .	space command,adventure series,cbc television,television adventure,fiction television,canadian child,science fiction,dramatic series,space station,space,television,series,command,frank,activity,child,science,canadian
Ophtalmoplon is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:	following specie,family cerambycidae,genus,following,beetle,cerambycidae,family,ophtalmoplon,specie
William Frank Ryan is an American voice actor, singer and musician.	voice actor,american voice,frank ryan,william frank,frank,singer,ryan,actor,american,voice,william,musician
Porte des Lilas is a 1957 French-Italian dramatic film directed by René Clair, based on René Fallet's novel La Grande Ceinture.	grande ceinture,la grande,novel la,rené fallet,rené clair,dramatic film,italian dramatic,rené,lilas,grande,french,italian,novel,dramatic,fallet,film
The women's 100 m backstroke swimming events for the 2016 Summer Paralympics take place at the Rio Olympic Stadium from 8 to 17 September.	olympic stadium,rio olympic,summer paralympics,swimming event,stadium,swimming,olympic,event,summer,place,paralympics,woman
The 1981 Paris Open was a men's Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.	carpet court,indoor carpet,tennis tournament,prix tennis,grand prix,paris open,open,carpet,indoor,grand,tournament,prix,tennis,paris,court
Albizia is a genus of more than 160 species of mostly fast-growing subtropical and tropical trees and shrubs in the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae.	family fabaceae,subfamily mimosoideae,tropical tree,genus,family,specie,mimosoideae,subtropical,subfamily,tropical,shrub,tree,albizia
Heinz Jost was a German SS functionary during the Nazi era.	nazi era,ss functionary,german ss,heinz jost,jost,nazi,german,functionary,heinz
Al `irrah is a village in western central Yemen.	central yemen,western central,irrah,central,village,western,yemen
The 2009 Georgian mutiny was a mutiny by a Georgian Army tank battalion based in Mukhrovani, Georgia, 30 kilometres east of the capital Tbilisi on 5 May 2009.	capital tbilisi,tank battalion,army tank,georgian army,georgian mutiny,tbilisi,capital,east,georgia,mukhrovani,battalion,tank,army,georgian,mutiny
Tilung is a moribund Kiranti language spoken in Nepal.	kiranti language,moribund kiranti,moribund,language,kiranti,tilung,nepal
The Stretch is a two-part British television crime drama mini-series, created and written by Stephen Leather and directed by Frank W. Smith.	w. smith,frank w.,stephen leather,drama mini,crime drama,television crime,british television,british,television,frank,crime,leather,drama,stephen,mini,series
Samuel Kirkwood is a bronze statue created by Vinnie Ream and placed in the National Statuary Hall Collection in the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C., one of the two statues there from Iowa.	capitol building,hall collection,statuary hall,national statuary,vinnie ream,bronze statue,samuel kirkwood,statue,kirkwood,bronze,hall,collection,statuary,capitol,national,building,ream
AB-PICA is a potent agonist for the CB1 receptor and CB2 receptor .	potent agonist,pica,receptor,potent,agonist
Deidre Freeman is an American diver.	american diver,deidre freeman,freeman,american,deidre,diver
The Sweatbox is a 2002 American documentary film designed to show behind the scenes footage of Kingdom of the Sun .	scene footage,documentary film,american documentary,american,kingdom,documentary,footage,film,scene,sweatbox
Elections for the Eastwood District Council took place on 1 May 1980, alongside elections to the councils of Scotland's various other districts.	district council,eastwood district,council,election,district,place,eastwood,scotland
Adrian Paul "Adie" Moses is an English former footballer.	paul,english,adie,moses,adrian,footballer
In genetics, the mutation rate is the frequency of new mutations in a single gene or organism over time.	single gene,new mutation,mutation rate,mutation,organism,gene,single,frequency,rate,time,genetic
Mickey Deans was an American musician and entrepreneur, and the fifth and last husband of actress and singer Judy Garland.	judy garland,singer judy,american musician,mickey deans,deans,judy,american,singer,musician,actress,entrepreneur,husband,fifth,mickey
Evidence is a 1929 Pre-Code crime drama film produced and distributed by the Warner Brothers.	warner brothers,drama film,crime drama,code crime,warner,code,film,crime,drama,evidence,brothers
Jumpei Arai is a Japanese football player.	football player,japanese football,jumpei arai,arai,football,japanese,jumpei,player
Resolution is the tenth studio album by southern rock band 38 Special, released in 1997.	rock band,southern rock,studio album,tenth studio,tenth,band,studio,rock,album,southern,resolution,special
Cieplewo  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	northern poland,pomeranian voivodeship,gdańsk county,pruszcz gdański,gmina pruszcz,administrative district,village,northern,administrative,voivodeship,district,pomeranian,gmina,county,pruszcz,gdańsk
Natalia Chernogolova is a Belarusian artist.	belarusian artist,natalia chernogolova,chernogolova,belarusian,natalia,artist
Systema Naturae is one of the major works of the Swedish botanist, zoologist and physician Carl Linnaeus and introduced the Linnaean taxonomy.	linnaean taxonomy,carl linnaeus,physician carl,swedish botanist,major work,systema naturae,naturae,linnaean,major,linnaeus,work,carl,swedish,physician,botanist,zoologist
ELGA LabWater is the laboratory water brand name of Veolia Water Solutions & Technologies.	water solutions,veolia water,water brand,laboratory water,elga labwater,water,labwater,solutions,laboratory,brand,veolia,elga,technologies
Leave Right Now is an EP by British singer-songwriter Will Young, released as his debut in the United States and Canada.	united states,will young,songwriter will,british singer,british,states,singer,united,songwriter,debut,will,young,canada
Luigi Pagano was an Italian painter, known for his colorful depictions of his native Campania.	native campania,colorful depiction,italian painter,luigi pagano,pagano,native,italian,depiction,painter,colorful,luigi,campania
Elia Nabil Shana is a Syrian footballer.	syrian footballer,nabil shana,elia nabil,nabil,syrian,shana,elia,footballer
The Eternal flame is a memorial to the military and civilian victims of the Second World War in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	world war,second world,civilian victim,eternal flame,flame,bosnia,memorial,sarajevo,military,civilian,world,victim,second
Christopher John Matthews is an American political commentator, talk show host, and author.	political commentator,american political,john matthews,christopher john,john,host,matthews,talk,american,commentator,political,christopher,author
Ramiz Tafë Alia was the second and last leader of People's Socialist Republic of Albania from 1985 to 1991, served as First Secretary of the Party of Labor of Albania.	first secretary,socialist republic,tafë alia,ramiz tafë,albania,tafë,alia,second,leader,people,socialist,secretary,party,republic
The Bibliotheca Hagiographica Latina is a catalogue of Latin hagiographic materials, including ancient literary works on the saints' lives, the translations of their relics, and their miracles, arranged alphabetically by saint.	literary work,ancient literary,hagiographic material,latin hagiographic,hagiographica latina,bibliotheca hagiographica,saint,hagiographica,latina,catalogue,latin,hagiographic,material,ancient,literary,translation
Ekebergparken is a light rail station on the Ekeberg Line of the Oslo Tramway.	oslo tramway,ekeberg line,rail station,light rail,light,oslo,rail,line,station,ekeberg,ekebergparken,tramway
In English tort law, an individual may owe a duty of care to another, to ensure that they do not suffer any unreasonable harm or loss.	unreasonable harm,tort law,english tort,tort,harm,unreasonable,individual,care,duty,english,loss
Dynamic Adaptive Streaming over HTTP , also known as MPEG-DASH, is an adaptive bitrate streaming technique that enables high quality streaming of media content over the Internet delivered from conventional HTTP web servers.	web server,http web,medium content,quality streaming,conventional http,high quality,streaming technique,bitrate streaming,adaptive streaming,adaptive bitrate,streaming,http,adaptive,internet,content,conventional,high,mpeg,dash
Emerald Lingams are established in many Hindu Temples in Tamil nadu.	tamil nadu,hindu temples,emerald lingams,lingams,tamil,hindu,temples,emerald,nadu
Aerospike is a flash-optimized in-memory open source NoSQL database and the name of the eponymous company that produces it.	eponymous company,nosql database,source nosql,open source,memory open,flash,eponymous,memory,database,open,nosql,source,aerospike,company
Xing Wenwei  was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong and his mother Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty.	zhou dynasty,wu zetian,tang dynasty,mother wu,emperor ruizong,dynasty tang,chinese dynasty,xing wenwei,dynasty,wenwei,official,chinese,ruizong,mother,emperor,reign,zetian
Salamanca Airport is the airport serving the province of Salamanca in the autonomous community of Castile and León.	autonomous community,salamanca airport,salamanca,airport,castile,community,autonomous,province,león
Triscaedecia svetlanae is a moth of the family Alucitidae.	family alucitidae,triscaedecia svetlanae,svetlanae,family,moth,triscaedecia,alucitidae
Alapati or Aalapati is an Indian given name.	aalapati,alapati,indian
Zadvorsko is a village in Croatia.	village,zadvorsko,croatia
Synapse Software Corporation was an American computer game development and publishing company active from 1981 through 1984.	company active,publishing company,game development,computer game,american computer,software corporation,synapse software,software,company,corporation,publishing,american,development,computer,game,synapse,active
Friedrich Adolph Wilhelm Diesterweg was a German educator and thinker who, also a progressive liberal politician, campaigned for the secularization of schools, and is said to be precursory to the reform of pedagogy.	liberal politician,progressive liberal,german educator,wilhelm diesterweg,adolph wilhelm,friedrich adolph,adolph,reform,wilhelm,precursory,diesterweg,school,german,secularization,educator,politician
John Powell Ward is an English poet and academic.	english poet,powell ward,john powell,powell,poet,ward,english,john,academic
Uttarakhand's gross state domestic product for 2004 is estimated at $6 billion in current prices.	current price,domestic product,state domestic,gross state,gross,current,state,product,domestic,uttarakhand,price
The Indiana Soldiers' and Sailors' Children's Home was a residential and educational facility near Knightstown, Indiana, in southwestern Henry County, Indiana.	henry county,southwestern henry,educational facility,indiana soldiers,indiana,home,residential,children,educational,sailor,facility,soldiers,knightstown,henry
HMS Antigua has been the name of four ships of the Royal Navy, named after the Caribbean island of Antigua:	caribbean island,royal navy,hms antigua,antigua,navy,royal,caribbean,ship,island
HMS Antigua was a 14-gun brig-sloop that had formerly served as a privateer.	antigua,sloop,brig,privateer
The 2010 United Kingdom general election was held on Thursday, 6 May 2010, with 45,597,461 registered voters entitled to vote to elect members to the House of Commons.	general election,kingdom general,united kingdom,kingdom,house,general,member,election,voter,thursday,united,commons
In the Internet addressing architecture, the Internet Engineering Task Force and the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority have reserved various Internet Protocol addresses for special purposes.	special purpose,protocol address,numbers authority,internet protocol,assigned numbers,internet assigned,task force,engineering task,internet engineering,internet,special,address,protocol,task,numbers,engineering,force,assigned,authority
The 2014–15 season was Bihor Oradea's 56th season in the Romanian football league system, and their 36th season in the Liga II. At the end of the season the team finished on relegation place but was spared by FRF due to withdrew of other teams.	relegation place,liga ii,league system,football league,romanian football,bihor oradea,season,team,league,football,system,place,relegation,oradea
Bulbophyllum ivorense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	genus bulbophyllum,bulbophyllum ivorense,bulbophyllum,ivorense,species,orchid,genus
Redistributive justice is the equalization of property and wealth ownership by direct political fiat.	political fiat,direct political,wealth ownership,redistributive justice,justice,political,equalization,direct,property,ownership,wealth,redistributive,fiat
Vanga Geetha is an Indian politician.	indian politician,vanga geetha,geetha,indian,vanga,politician
Trzechowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	northern poland,pomeranian voivodeship,starogard county,gmina kaliska,administrative district,village,northern,administrative,voivodeship,district,pomeranian,gmina,county,kaliska,starogard
Sinacalia is a genus of Chinese plants in the groundsel tribe within the daisy family.	daisy family,groundsel tribe,chinese plant,genus,daisy,chinese,tribe,plant,groundsel,sinacalia,family
Wilfred Stanley Arthur,  was a fighter ace and senior officer of the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II. Commonly known as "Woof", and sometimes "Wolf" or "Wulf", he was officially credited with ten aerial victories.	aerial victory,war ii,world war,air force,australian air,royal australian,senior officer,fighter ace,stanley arthur,wilfred stanley,stanley,aerial,arthur,wulf,fighter,wolf,woof,senior
Boston Bar is an unincorporated town in the Fraser Canyon of the Canadian province of British Columbia.	british columbia,canadian province,fraser canyon,unincorporated town,boston bar,british,unincorporated,province,town,canadian,fraser,canyon,boston,columbia
Gerwin is a Dutch and German given name, containing the Germanic roots ger and win .	dutch,germanic,german,gerwin,root
Hommage à S. Pickwick Esq.	pickwick esq,s. pickwick,pickwick,hommage
Pine Brook is an unincorporated community located within Tinton Falls in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	united states,new jersey,monmouth county,tinton falls,unincorporated community,pine brook,brook,united,unincorporated,jersey,community,tinton,county,falls,monmouth
The ISAF Team Racing World Championship is a team racing event now held every two years by the International Sailing Federation .	sailing federation,world championship,international sailing,racing world,team racing,isaf team,team,sailing,international,year,event,world,racing,championship,federation,isaf
Luneray is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.	northern france,normandy region,maritime department,commune,northern,seine,region,maritime,normandy,department,luneray,france
Demirchyan or Demirchian is an Armenian surname.	demirchian,armenian,demirchyan,surname
Bruxner is a surname.	bruxner,surname
Tsuyoshi Ishizaki is a Japanese Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher for the Hanshin Tigers in Japan's Central League.	central league,hanshin tigers,baseball pitcher,professional baseball,nippon professional,japanese nippon,tsuyoshi ishizaki,ishizaki,central,japanese,japan,nippon,tigers,professional,hanshin,baseball,pitcher
Laura Grant is a Scottish cricketer.	scottish cricketer,laura grant,grant,scottish,laura,cricketer
Oberhavel is a Kreis in the northern part of Brandenburg, Germany.	kreis,brandenburg,northern,oberhavel,germany
This is a list of programs currently and previously aired on SMNI Channel 39.	program,smni,list,channel
Sander Groen is a professional tennis player from the Netherlands.	tennis player,professional tennis,sander groen,groen,player,professional,tennis,sander,netherlands
The KX Painter was an Attic black-figure vase painter.	vase painter,figure vase,attic black,kx painter,painter,black,figure,attic,vase
Brookwood High School is an American public secondary school in Snellville, Georgia, in suburban Atlanta, with a student body of 3,503.	student body,suburban atlanta,secondary school,public secondary,american public,high school,brookwood high,school,student,atlanta,suburban,high,georgia,snellville,public,american,secondary
Culbokie  meaning 'the haunted nook' is a small village in Ross and Cromarty, Highland, Scotland.	small village,haunted nook,haunted,highland,nook,cromarty,small,ross,village,culbokie,scotland
The Oscar Robertson Trophy is given out annually to the outstanding men's college basketball player by the United States Basketball Writers Association .	writers association,basketball writers,states basketball,basketball player,united states,college basketball,outstanding man,robertson trophy,oscar robertson,basketball,robertson,trophy,outstanding,writers,college,united,player,states
Revelation Lyrics is the name of the first album from El Roockie.	el roockie,revelation lyrics,lyrics,album,revelation,roockie
The 2013 Dayton Sharks season was the first season for the Continental Indoor Football League franchise.	league franchise,football league,indoor football,sharks season,continental indoor,dayton sharks,season,league,football,sharks,indoor,continental,franchise,dayton
Yagishiri Island is a small, sparsely populated island in the Sea of Japan, located 23 kilometres northwest of Haboro Bay in Haboro, Hokkaido.	haboro bay,populated island,yagishiri island,island,haboro,kilometre,japan,small,populated,hokkaido,yagishiri
The Lake Superior Maritime Visitor Center is a museum in Duluth, Minnesota, operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.	army corps,states army,visitor center,united states,maritime visitor,superior maritime,lake superior,superior,corps,maritime,army,visitor,states,center,united,museum,minnesota
Dendrophilia petrinopsis is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.	family gelechiidae,dendrophilia petrinopsis,petrinopsis,family,moth,dendrophilia,gelechiidae
Mount Jackson is a mountain that dominates the upland of the southern part of the Antarctic Peninsula.	antarctic peninsula,mount jackson,jackson,antarctic,mountain,southern,upland,mount,peninsula
Effigy of the Forgotten is the debut full-length album by New York-based death metal band Suffocation, released in 1991.	band suffocation,metal band,death metal,new york,length album,forgotten,band,debut,metal,length,death,album,york,effigy
Bill Parry  was a Welsh international footballer.	international footballer,welsh international,bill parry,parry,international,welsh,bill,footballer
Patrick Fitzgerald was an Irish hurler.	irish hurler,patrick fitzgerald,fitzgerald,irish,patrick,hurler
1898 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.	sport,year,event,world
Gordon MacCreagh was an American writer.	american writer,gordon maccreagh,maccreagh,american,gordon,writer
Colley is a masculine given name.	colley,masculine
State Road 205 is a 4.145-mile-long state highway in the US state of New Mexico.	new mexico,us state,state highway,long state,state road,state,road,long,highway,mexico
Michał Rozenfeld – a Jewish resistance activist during the Second World War, participant of the Warsaw Ghetto uprising, partisan of the Mordechai Anielewicz Unit of the People's Guard.	anielewicz unit,ghetto uprising,mordechai anielewicz,world war,warsaw ghetto,second world,resistance activist,jewish resistance,michał rozenfeld,rozenfeld,people,jewish,unit,resistance,anielewicz,activist,mordechai,second,partisan
The Hirth 3701 is an in-line three-cylinder, two-stroke, carburetted aircraft engine, with optional fuel injection, designed for use on ultralight aircraft and small homebuilts.	small homebuilt,ultralight aircraft,fuel injection,optional fuel,aircraft engine,carburetted aircraft,aircraft,line,cylinder,small,stroke,fuel,injection,optional,carburetted
Woodstock is a neighborhood located in inner southeast Portland, Oregon, United States.	united states,southeast portland,inner southeast,neighborhood,united,inner,oregon,southeast,portland,woodstock,states
Tulasi Dalam is a Telugu thriller novel written by Yandamuri Veerendranath.	yandamuri veerendranath,thriller novel,telugu thriller,tulasi dalam,dalam,yandamuri,telugu,novel,thriller,tulasi,veerendranath
The International Figure Skating Competition was held in November 11–13, 1977.	skating competition,figure skating,international figure,figure,competition,skating,international,november
Sellent is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.	valencian community,ribera alta,municipality,community,comarca,valencian,ribera,alta,sellent,spain
Tunji Babajide Banjo is a Nigerian-Irish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	professional footballer,babajide banjo,tunji babajide,babajide,footballer,banjo,professional,nigerian,irish,tunji,midfielder
Plaza del Lago is a shopping center at 1515 Sheridan Road in Wilmette, Illinois, United States, which opened in 1928 as Spanish Court.	spanish court,united states,sheridan road,shopping center,del lago,plaza del,spanish,lago,states,shopping,united,center,illinois,sheridan,wilmette
According to the folklore of the Abenaki tribe of the north-eastern United States, a Kee-wakw or Giwakwa was a giant, cannibalistic, half-animal half-human creature that inhabited the forests and woodlands of the area of present-day New England during ancient times.	ancient time,new england,human creature,day new,united states,animal half,eastern united,abenaki tribe,half,abenaki,ancient,tribe,england,north,eastern,united
Gugulethu Zuma-Ncube is a South African television actor and producer, daughter of former President, Jacob Zuma and African National Congress politician Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, and daughter-in-law to Zimbabwean United Movement for Democratic Change politician Welshman Ncube.	welshman ncube,politician welshman,nkosazana dlamini,change politician,united movement,democratic change,politician nkosazana,zimbabwean united,congress politician,national congress,zuma,politician,daughter,african,ncube,movement,united,democratic,zimbabwean,change
Tangeh-ye Torkaman is a village in Raz Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,north khorasan,bojnord county,jargalan district,rural district,raz rural,ye torkaman,district,province,khorasan,north,torkaman,county,village,bojnord
North Rockland High School is located in Thiells, New York, serving 9th to 12th grade students from the northern section of Rockland County, in southern New York.	new york,grade student,northern section,rockland county,southern new,high school,rockland high,north rockland,rockland,grade,student,northern,section,school,york
West-East Bag was an international women artists network active from 1971 to 1973.	network active,artist network,woman artist,international woman,east bag,east,network,artist,international,woman,west,active
The 2010 Houston Cougars football team represented the University of Houston in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season.	football season,fbs football,football team,ncaa division,cougars football,houston cougars,football,houston,division,ncaa,team,university,cougars,season
A list of existing and former windmills whose sites fall within Greater London, England.	existing,london,windmill,greater,site,list,england
Mark Westaby is a British strongman competitor, notable for being a repeat competitor at the World's Strongest Man.	strongest man,repeat competitor,strongman competitor,british strongman,mark westaby,competitor,westaby,strongest,british,world,strongman,notable,repeat,mark
Gymnopilus macrocheilocystidiatus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.	cortinariaceae family,gymnopilus macrocheilocystidiatus,macrocheilocystidiatus,cortinariaceae,species,mushroom,gymnopilus,family
Doris Eckert was a German hurdler.	german hurdler,doris eckert,eckert,german,doris,hurdler
Martin Legner is a professional Austrian wheelchair tennis player who has been ranked number one for wheelchair doubles.	wheelchair double,tennis player,wheelchair tennis,austrian wheelchair,professional austrian,martin legner,wheelchair,legner,professional,austrian,player,tennis,number,martin,double
Sienes is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	municipality,mancha,province,guadalajara,castile,siene,spain
Black Porch is Dark New Day's first Acoustic Sessions EP. It was released on September 5, 2006, by Warner Bros.	warner bros.,sessions ep,acoustic sessions,new day,dark new,black porch,porch,warner,dark,september,sessions,acoustic,black
The Southwark South East by-election, 1921 was a parliamentary by-election held on 14 December 1921 for the British House of Commons constituency of Southwark South East, in the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark in London.	south east,southwark south,british house,commons constituency,metropolitan borough,southwark,election,east,house,british,commons,december,constituency,borough,metropolitan
Oeme rigida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,oeme rigida,rigida,family,species,beetle,oeme,cerambycidae
Fasciolaria magna is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	tulip snail,family fasciolariidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,fasciolaria magna,snail,magna,species,family,mollusk,fasciolariidae,gastropod,spindle,marine
Colla similis is a moth in the Bombycidae family.	bombycidae family,colla similis,similis,bombycidae,moth,colla,family
Episannina chalybea is a moth of the family Sesiidae.	family sesiidae,episannina chalybea,chalybea,family,moth,episannina,sesiidae
Ene is both a given name and a surname.	surname
Batalik is a town in Ladakh, Jammu and Kashmir, India, located on the upper reaches of the Indus river.	indus river,upper reach,town,indus,ladakh,reach,jammu,upper,kashmir,india,batalik,river
This is a list of American football players who played for the Columbus Panhandles in the National Football League .	football league,national football,columbus panhandles,football player,american football,football,american,columbus,panhandles,player,national,list,league
Slovak hip hop is said to have begun in 1988.	hip hop,slovak hip,slovak
Waterford Lakes Town Center is an outdoor mall in Orlando, Florida, USA., in the Orlando metropolitan area.	metropolitan area,outdoor mall,orlando metropolitan,town center,lakes town,waterford lakes,orlando,lakes,town,center,metropolitan,outdoor,mall,florida,waterford
Project SHAMROCK, the sister project for Project MINARET, was an espionage exercise started in August 1945, which involved the accumulation of all telegraphic data entering into or exiting from the United States.	united states,telegraphic datum,espionage exercise,project minaret,sister project,project shamrock,project,united,datum,telegraphic,accumulation,august,exercise,espionage,minaret,shamrock
Zhang Hongbo is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,team china,baseball player,chinese baseball,zhang hongbo,hongbo,summer,chinese,china,baseball,team,player,member,zhang,olympics
Bryncethin is a small village in the County Borough of Bridgend, South Wales, located just north of Junction 36 of the M4 Motorway and approximately 3 miles north of the county town of Bridgend.	county town,south wales,county borough,small village,county,bridgend,small,village,junction,wales,motorway,south,mile
Allyne L. Merrill was an American physicist who served as faculty secretary of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1906 to June 1934.	massachusetts institute,faculty secretary,american physicist,l. merrill,allyne l.,technology,merrill,institute,american,massachusetts,physicist,secretary,faculty,allyne
Events from the year 1989 in Taiwan, Republic of China.	year,republic,taiwan,event,china
Barth Stephen Cronin was an American businessman and politician from New York.	new york,american businessman,stephen cronin,barth stephen,stephen,cronin,politician,american,businessman,barth,york
Boogie Bill Webb was an American Louisiana blues and rhythm-and-blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	blue guitarist,louisiana blue,american louisiana,bill webb,boogie bill,blue,bill,singer,webb,guitarist,american,louisiana,boogie,songwriter,rhythm
Orsolya Vérten is a Hungarian retired handballer who played for the Hungarian national team.She made her international debut in 2002 and participated on the European Championship yet in that year, finishing fifth.	european championship,international debut,national team,hungarian national,orsolya vérten,hungarian,championship,vérten,european,debut,national,international,team,year,orsolya
Enochrus pygmaeus is a species of water scavenger beetle in the family Hydrophilidae.	family hydrophilidae,scavenger beetle,water scavenger,enochrus pygmaeus,pygmaeus,family,species,beetle,water,scavenger,enochrus,hydrophilidae
The Manmodi Caves are a complex of a rock-cut caves about 3 km to the south of the city of Junnar in India.	caves,junnar,complex,city,rock,south,cave,manmodi,india
The 2nd constituency of Lot is a French legislative constituency in the Lot département.	lot département,legislative constituency,french legislative,constituency,french,legislative,département
Eupithecia scaphiata is a moth in the family Geometridae.	family geometridae,eupithecia scaphiata,scaphiata,family,moth,eupithecia,geometridae
Takaishi Station is a train station in Takaishi, Osaka Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Nankai Electric Railway.	electric railway,nankai electric,operator nankai,railway operator,osaka prefecture,private railway,train station,takaishi station,railway,station,takaishi,osaka,prefecture,japan,private,nankai,operator,electric
Alelu is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,east azerbaijan,maragheh county,saraju district,rural district,gharbi rural,ye gharbi,quri chay,district,village,province,quri,azerbaijan,chay,east,county,gharbi
Rogers Place is a multipurpose indoor arena in Edmonton.	indoor arena,multipurpose indoor,rogers place,place,arena,multipurpose,indoor,rogers,edmonton
The Inverness and Perth Junction Railway was built to link the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway at Forres and Perth and Dunkeld Railway, ultimately absorbing the latter.	junction railway,aberdeen junction,dunkeld railway,perth junction,perth,railway,inverness,junction,aberdeen,forres,dunkeld
William L. Mathues was a former Treasurer of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	u.s. state,l. mathues,william l.,state,mathues,u.s.,treasurer,william,pennsylvania
A House Is Not a Motel is a song written by Arthur Lee and first released by Love on their 1967 album Forever Changes.	forever changes,album forever,arthur lee,motel,forever,song,album,arthur,love,house,changes
Der Sturm was a German art and literary magazine covering Expressionism, Cubism, Dada and Surrealism, among other artistic movements.	artistic movement,literary magazine,german art,der sturm,sturm,artistic,german,surrealism,dada,literary,cubism,magazine,expressionism
Henry James Nicholas,  was a New Zealand recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for valour "in the face of the enemy" that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	commonwealth force,high award,victoria cross,zealand recipient,new zealand,james nicholas,henry james,james,commonwealth,nicholas,british,enemy,zealand,face,recipient,valour
Ketki Devi Singh is a politician former Member of parliament, Lok Sabha elected from the Gonda district constituency in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh being a Bhartiya Janta Party candidate.	party candidate,janta party,uttar pradesh,bhartiya janta,indian state,district constituency,gonda district,lok sabha,devi singh,ketki devi,devi,party,singh,janta,politician,bhartiya,member,pradesh,parliament,uttar
Sergey Yakovlevich Nikitin is a prominent Soviet and Russian bard, composer, and biophysicist.	russian bard,prominent soviet,yakovlevich nikitin,sergey yakovlevich,yakovlevich,composer,nikitin,bard,prominent,russian,soviet,sergey,biophysicist
The Siegesdenkmal in Freiburg im Breisgau is a monument to the German victory in the Franco-Prussian War in 1871.	prussian war,german victory,freiburg,prussian,breisgau,franco,monument,victory,german,siegesdenkmal
On 8 May 2017, two bombs exploded in Peshawar while the third one was defused by Bomb Disposal Squad.	disposal squad,bomb disposal,bomb,disposal,squad,peshawar
Larry Michael Hankin is an American actor, performer, director, comedian and producer.	american actor,michael hankin,larry michael,michael,comedian,hankin,director,american,performer,actor,larry,producer
Charlotte Cardin is a Canadian pop, electro and jazz singer-songwriter from Montreal, Quebec.	jazz singer,canadian pop,charlotte cardin,cardin,montreal,canadian,songwriter,singer,electro,jazz,charlotte,quebec
Jackson Creek is a 26.4-mile-long stream in the Sierra Nevada foothills and Amador County, California.	amador county,nevada foothill,sierra nevada,long stream,jackson creek,creek,county,long,amador,stream,foothill,sierra,nevada,jackson,california
Palla is an Afrotropical genus of butterflies in the subfamily Charaxinae.	subfamily charaxinae,afrotropical genus,afrotropical,subfamily,genus,butterfly,palla,charaxinae
Ethiopian Maccabees, also referred to as Ethiopic Maccabees or Meqabyan , are three books found only in the Ethiopian Orthodox Old Testament and Beta Israel Mäṣḥafä Kedus Biblical canon.	biblical canon,kedus biblical,mäṣḥafä kedus,israel mäṣḥafä,old testament,beta israel,orthodox old,ethiopic maccabees,ethiopian orthodox,ethiopian maccabees,maccabees,ethiopian,biblical,kedus,mäṣḥafä,israel,beta,testament,orthodox
This is a list of candidates for the 1927 New South Wales state election.	state election,wales state,south wales,new south,candidate,state,wales,south,list,election
The Kagawong River is a river on Manitoulin Island in Manitoulin District, Ontario, Canada which flows from Lake Kagawong to empty into Mudge Bay on the North Channel Lake Huron.	lake huron,channel lake,north channel,mudge bay,lake kagawong,manitoulin district,manitoulin island,kagawong river,lake,manitoulin,kagawong,river,north,ontario,district,channel,canada
The olive, known by the botanical name Olea europaea, meaning "European olive", is a species of small tree in the family Oleaceae, found in the Mediterranean Basin from Portugal to the Levant, the Arabian Peninsula, and southern Asia as far east as China, as well as the Canary Islands and Réunion.	canary islands,southern asia,arabian peninsula,mediterranean basin,family oleaceae,small tree,european olive,olea europaea,olive,islands,canary,china,asia,southern,peninsula,arabian,levant,portugal
The House of Unitarians in Copenhagen, Denmark, is the chapel of the Danish Unitarian Church Society.	church society,unitarian church,danish unitarian,unitarians,church,copenhagen,unitarian,denmark,danish,chapel,house,society
A fishing weir, fish weir, fishgarth or kiddle is an obstruction placed in tidal waters, or wholly or partially across a river, to direct the passage of, or trap fish.	trap fish,tidal water,fish weir,fishing weir,weir,water,tidal,river,obstruction,passage,kiddle,trap,fish,fishgarth
Glyptoscapus pallidulus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,glyptoscapus pallidulus,pallidulus,family,species,beetle,glyptoscapus,cerambycidae
Desirée Lois del Valle Dunham , better known by her screen name Desiree del Valle, is a Filipino actress born from an American father and a Filipino mother.	filipino mother,american father,filipino actress,del valle,desiree del,valle dunham,desirée lois,filipino,valle,lois,screen,desiree,american,dunham,actress,father
The Castle in Flanders is a 1936 German drama film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Mártha Eggerth, Paul Hartmann and Georg Alexander.The film's sets were designed by the art directors Emil Hasler and Arthur Schwarz.	arthur schwarz,emil hasler,georg alexander,director emil,paul hartmann,art director,mártha eggerth,von bolváry,géza von,drama film,film,arthur,flanders,hasler,german,emil,director,eggerth,mártha,paul
The First Baptist Church in Greeley, Colorado is a historic Baptist church at Tenth Avenue and Eleventh Street, on the northwest corner.	baptist church,northwest corner,eleventh street,historic baptist,tenth avenue,first baptist,baptist,church,northwest,street,eleventh,avenue,tenth,colorado,historic,greeley
Eqreqayeh is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,north khorasan,bojnord county,jargalan district,rural district,jargalan rural,jargalan,district,province,khorasan,north,village,county,bojnord,rural
Indochine Au Zénith is the first live album by French new wave band, Indochine, and fourth album overall.	fourth album,wave band,new wave,french new,live album,au zénith,indochine au,indochine,album,wave,zénith,french,band,live,fourth
Cyrtinus striatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,cyrtinus striatus,striatus,family,species,beetle,cyrtinus,cerambycidae
LAG Motorcoach was the North American subsidiary of LAG Manufacturing Company, of Bree, Belgium.	manufacturing company,lag manufacturing,american subsidiary,north american,lag motorcoach,bree,company,manufacturing,north,american,motorcoach,subsidiary,belgium
Richard Rowley is a filmmaker.	rowley,richard,filmmaker
Louie Louie is an American rhythm and blues song written and composed by Richard Berry in 1955 and best known for the 1963 hit version by The Kingsmen.	richard berry,blue song,american rhythm,louie louie,version,berry,richard,song,blue,rhythm,american,louie,kingsmen
Adulis Club is an Eritrean football club based in Asmara.	football club,eritrean football,adulis club,club,eritrean,football,adulis,asmara
Prince Pyotr Dmitriyevich Dolgorukov was Russian liberal politician.	liberal politician,russian liberal,dmitriyevich dolgorukov,pyotr dmitriyevich,prince pyotr,pyotr,liberal,dmitriyevich,russian,dolgorukov,prince,politician
Thorpe St Andrew is a small town and suburb of Norwich in the English county of Norfolk.	english county,small town,st andrew,thorpe st,county,andrew,english,small,norwich,town,suburb,thorpe,norfolk
Kushar is a village in west-central Yemen.	village,central,west,kushar,yemen
National freeway 6, also known as Shuishalian Freeway or Central East-West Freeway, is a freeway between Wufeng, Taichung and Puli, Nantou, and all of the main line was already open to traffic on 21 March 2009.	main line,west freeway,central east,shuishalian freeway,national freeway,freeway,traffic,open,line,main,nantou,puli,taichung,wufeng,east
Cedar Island is a 10-acre island located in Lake Champlain.	lake champlain,cedar island,island,lake,champlain,cedar
The Kastner train consisted of 35 cattle trucks that left Budapest on 30 June 1944, during the German occupation of Hungary, carrying over 1,600 Jews to safety in Switzerland.The train was named after Rudolf Kastner, a Jewish-Hungarian lawyer and journalist, who was a founding member of the Budapest Aid and Rescue Committee, a group that smuggled Jews out of occupied Europe during the Holocaust.	rescue committee,budapest aid,hungarian lawyer,rudolf kastner,german occupation,cattle truck,kastner train,jews,budapest,train,kastner,europe,lawyer,occupation,committee,journalist,german
Brian Callahan is an American football coach who is the offensive coordinator for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League .	football league,national football,cincinnati bengals,offensive coordinator,football coach,american football,brian callahan,football,callahan,american,coordinator,cincinnati,offensive,bengals,coach,national,brian
The Ankara Football League was founded as a regional football league for Ankara based clubs in 1922.	football league,regional football,ankara football,ankara,football,league,regional,club
La vida inútil de Pito Pérez is a novel by Mexican author José Rubén Romero following the picaresque genre.	picaresque genre,rubén romero,josé rubén,author josé,mexican author,pito pérez,de pito,picaresque,pito,romero,pérez,rubén,novel,josé,mexican,author
Nathalie Dechy and Andy Ram were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Dominika Cibulková and Gaël Monfils.	gaël monfils,dominika cibulková,andy ram,nathalie dechy,dechy,gaël,andy,cibulková,dominika,champion,round,nathalie,monfils
Thyrogonia is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.	genus,subfamily,moth,thyrogonia,arctiinae
Fresno Dam is a dam on the Milk River, a tributary of the Missouri River, upstream of Havre, Montana.	missouri river,milk river,fresno dam,river,havre,milk,tributary,missouri,montana,fresno
Zoltán Ádám Harcsa is a Hungarian middleweight boxer who won bronze medals at the 2013 European Championships and 2015 European Games.	european games,european championships,bronze medal,middleweight boxer,hungarian middleweight,ádám harcsa,zoltán ádám,european,ádám,harcsa,medal,hungarian,bronze,middleweight,boxer,zoltán,championships
The Hatchery, LLC is an American media production company owned by American Greetings and Mandalay Entertainment and located in Burbank, California.	mandalay entertainment,american greetings,production company,medium production,american medium,american,burbank,entertainment,mandalay,greetings,production,medium,company,california
The Measure of Our Days: A Spiritual Exploration of Illness is a book of case studies of patients by Dr.	case study,spiritual exploration,-PRON- day,-PRON-,patient,study,spiritual,case,exploration,book,illness,measure
Sefiu Adegbenga Kaka is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for Ogun East in the 9 April 2011 national elections, running on the Action Congress of Nigeria ticket.	nigeria ticket,action congress,national election,ogun east,nigerian politician,adegbenga kaka,sefiu adegbenga,adegbenga,nigeria,kaka,congress,nigerian,action,politician,election,senator,national
Hit the Highway was the third single for Australian country singer Kate Cook in 2014 who had a hit the previous year with "Give the Girl a Spanner.	previous year,kate cook,singer kate,country singer,australian country,single,girl,australian,year,country,previous,singer,kate,cook
Kirti Gompa , is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery founded in 1472 and located in China's Sichuan Province.	sichuan province,buddhist monastery,tibetan buddhist,kirti gompa,gompa,sichuan,tibetan,china,buddhist,monastery,kirti,province
Two multi-national companies, Wrigley and Cadbury, together account for some 60% market share of the worldwide chewing gum market.	gum market,market share,national company,market,national,company,wrigley,cadbury,worldwide,share,multi
The Eighty-ninth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives.	united states,states congress,legislative branch,federal government,states federal,states senate,states house,ninth united,united,states,house,legislative,meeting,branch,congress,government,federal,senate
Lev Markovich Vekker, Russian: Лев Маркович Веккер was a Russian and American psychologist.	american psychologist,маркович веккер,лев маркович,markovich vekker,lev markovich,russian,markovich,american,vekker,маркович,веккер,psychologist
Charles Durang was an American dancer.	american dancer,charles durang,durang,american,charles,dancer
Elijah Blue Allman , known professionally as P. Exeter Blue, is an American musician, and the son of singer Cher and her second husband Gregg Allman.	gregg allman,husband gregg,american musician,singer cher,second husband,exeter blue,p. exeter,blue allman,elijah blue,blue,allman,singer,cher,second,musician,husband,american,gregg
Lights Out is a song by English hard rock band Royal Blood, released as the first single from their second studio album How Did We Get So Dark?	studio album,royal blood,second studio,band royal,rock band,hard rock,english hard,lights out,album,song,studio,english,second,hard,single,rock,blood
Alistair Elder is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.Elder scored on his full All Whites debut in a 1–1 draw with Fiji on 2 February 1980 and ended his international playing career with five A-international caps and 3 goals to his credit, his final cap an appearance in a 6–1 win over Solomon Islands on 29 February 1980.	solomon islands,final cap,international cap,playing career,whites debut,international level,international playing,new zealand,football player,association football,international,elder,february,football,player,debut,draw,association
Nowe Witki  is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	kaliningrad oblast,northern poland,masurian voivodeship,bartoszyce county,gmina bartoszyce,administrative district,nowe witki,bartoszyce,oblast,witki,kaliningrad,settlement,border,administrative,poland,northern,voivodeship
Homalium jainii is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family.	salicaceae family,homalium jainii,jainii,salicaceae,species,plant,homalium,family
Astrid Murberg Martinsen was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.	labour party,norwegian politician,murberg martinsen,astrid murberg,murberg,labour,martinsen,politician,norwegian,astrid,party
Hysterica is a heavy-metal band from Stockholm, Sweden.	heavy,stockholm,metal,band,hysterica,sweden
Jessica Lu is an American actress, model, and spokesperson.	american actress,jessica lu,model,american,actress,jessica,spokesperson
The All India Muslim Personal Law Board is a non-government organisation constituted in 1973 to adopt suitable strategies for the protection and continued applicability of Muslim Personal Law in India, most importantly, the Muslim Personal Law Application Act of 1937, providing for the application of the Islamic Law Code of Shariat to Muslims in India in personal affairs.	personal law,muslim personal,law board,personal affair,law code,government organisation,suitable strategy,application act,islamic law,continued applicability,india,personal,application,muslim,suitable,strategy,organisation,protection,government
Sparks is a census-designated place in El Paso County, Texas, United States.	united states,paso county,el paso,census,united,place,texas,county,paso,sparks,states
Empusada is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.	genus,family,moth,empusada,noctuidae
An anthem is a musical composition of celebration, usually used as a symbol for a distinct group, particularly the national anthems of countries.	national anthem,distinct group,musical composition,anthem,symbol,celebration,distinct,composition,group,musical,national,country
Tangled: The Video Game is an action-adventure game based on the 2010 film Tangled for the Wii and Nintendo DS, as well as for Microsoft Windows.	microsoft windows,nintendo ds,adventure game,video game,game,microsoft,nintendo,film,action,adventure,windows,video
Colwall is a large village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England, situated on the border with Worcestershire, nestling on the western side of the Malvern Hills at the heart of the AONB. Areas of the village are known as Colwall Stone, Upper Colwall which shares a common border at the Wyche Cutting with the Malvern suburb of Malvern Wells, and Colwall Green, spread along 2 miles of the B4218 road, with the historic village core being 1 mile to the west of Colwall Stone.	colwall stone,upper colwall,common border,malvern wells,colwall green,malvern suburb,village core,historic village,malvern hills,colwall,village,malvern,border,mile,heart,herefordshire,aonb,parish,hills
The queen is a playing card with a picture of a woman on it.	playing,picture,card,queen,woman
Glycosylation-dependent cell adhesion molecule-1 is a proteoglycan ligand expressed on cells of the high endothelial venules in lymphoid tissues.	lymphoid tissue,endothelial venule,proteoglycan ligand,high endothelial,cell adhesion,dependent cell,cell,lymphoid,venule,dependent,endothelial,high,proteoglycan,adhesion,ligand
The Elizabeth River is a 6-mile-long tidal estuary forming an arm of Hampton Roads harbor at the southern end of Chesapeake Bay in southeast Virginia in the United States.	united states,southeast virginia,chesapeake bay,southern end,hampton roads,tidal estuary,long tidal,elizabeth river,river,united,virginia,long,southeast,tidal,estuary,chesapeake
Mahatma Gandhi University is an Indian collegiate public university based in Kerala.	public university,collegiate public,indian collegiate,gandhi university,mahatma gandhi,university,gandhi,collegiate,indian,public,mahatma,kerala
The 2009–10 Montenegrin Second League was the 4th season since its establishment.	second league,montenegrin second,second,season,league,montenegrin,establishment
As herbicides are pesticides used to kill unwanted plants, silvicides are special pesticides used to kill brush and trees, or "entire forest" or unwanted forest species.	forest specie,unwanted forest,entire forest,special pesticide,unwanted plant,pesticide,forest,unwanted,tree,entire,silvicide,brush,special,plant,specie
House of Angels is a Swedish drama film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 21 February 1992, about a little village in Västergötland, Sweden, where an aging recluse lives in a mansion on a large wooded property.	wooded property,little village,large wooded,drama film,swedish drama,sweden,angels,wooded,swedish,large,drama,mansion,film,recluse,little
Old School is a 2003 American comedy film released by DreamWorks Pictures and The Montecito Picture Company and directed by Todd Phillips.	todd phillips,picture company,montecito picture,dreamworks pictures,comedy film,american comedy,old school,school,todd,american,company,comedy,picture,film,montecito,dreamworks,pictures
Roland Kickinger is an Austrian-American bodybuilder and actor from Vienna.	american bodybuilder,roland kickinger,kickinger,actor,austrian,bodybuilder,american,roland,vienna
Little Man Little Man: A Story of Childhood is a 1976 children's novel written by James Baldwin and Yoran Cazac	little man,yoran cazac,man little,james baldwin,a story,yoran,baldwin,story,james,childhood,novel,child,little
 Plot introduction 	plot,introduction
TJ recounts what he experiences while playing ball outside.	ball
Sir Benjamin Heywood, 1st Baronet FRS was an English banker and philanthropist.	english banker,baronet frs,benjamin heywood,sir benjamin,benjamin,banker,heywood,english,baronet,philanthropist
John Erskine Scott Walford was an English cricketer.	english cricketer,scott walford,erskine scott,john erskine,erskine,english,scott,walford,john,cricketer
The Beaver Coat is a 1949 East German comedy film directed by Erich Engel and starring Fita Benkhoff, Werner Hinz and Käthe Haack.	käthe haack,werner hinz,fita benkhoff,erich engel,comedy film,german comedy,east german,beaver coat,coat,käthe,east,hinz,german,werner,comedy,benkhoff,film,fita
Breath of Life is a BAFTA Award-nominated British short film directed by Navin Thapar, written by Nasser Memarzia and Kulvinder Ghir, with Amir Korangy and Moshe Ivgy as the lead actors.	lead actor,moshe ivgy,amir korangy,kulvinder ghir,nasser memarzia,navin thapar,short film,british short,bafta award,life,lead,bafta,ivgy,award,moshe,british,korangy,short,amir
The Chaprais or Chaprais is a district of Besançon, which was developed from the second half of the 19th century.	second half,half,second,besançon,district,chaprais,century
Rusty Long is an explorer, journalist, professional big wave surfer, and photographer.	wave surfer,big wave,professional big,rusty long,long,surfer,explorer,wave,journalist,professional,rusty,photographer
Harmanköy is a village in the District of İnhisar, Bilecik Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,bilecik,i̇nhisar,harmanköy,turkey
Toru Kamikawa is a former Japanese football referee, debuting in Japan's professional J. League in 1996.	j. league,professional j.,football referee,japanese football,toru kamikawa,kamikawa,japanese,professional,football,japan,referee,toru,league
Tatran Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Prešov, Slovakia.	purpose stadium,tatran stadium,stadium,prešov,multi,purpose,slovakia,tatran
It Attracted Three Fellows is a 1928 German silent comedy film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Hans Albers, Hans Junkermann and Eugen Burg.	eugen burg,hans junkermann,hans albers,carl wilhelm,comedy film,silent comedy,german silent,hans,german,eugen,silent,junkermann,comedy,film,carl,wilhelm,fellows
Domenico Guglielmini was an Italian mathematician, chemist and physician.He lived and worked with success in Bologna and Padoa rising to a notable level of prominence.	notable level,italian mathematician,domenico guglielmini,guglielmini,level,italian,notable,mathematician,padoa,chemist,bologna,physician,success
In computer science, a nondeterministic algorithm is an algorithm that, even for the same input, can exhibit different behaviors on different runs, as opposed to a deterministic algorithm.	different run,different behavior,nondeterministic algorithm,computer science,algorithm,different,science,nondeterministic,deterministic,input,computer,behavior
Pymatuning Central is a census-designated place in Crawford County, Pennsylvania, United States.	united states,crawford county,census,united,place,pennsylvania,crawford,county,central,states
Indolepropionamide is a chemical compound with the molecular formula C11H12N2O. In vitro, IPAM reduces reactive oxygen species by inhibiting oxidative phosphorylation in complex I of the electron transport chain.	transport chain,oxidative phosphorylation,electron transport,oxygen specie,reactive oxygen,molecular formula,chemical compound,chemical,transport,compound,electron,molecular,complex,formula,phosphorylation,oxidative
In Old Alsace is a 1933 French drama film directed by Jacques de Baroncelli and starring Lucien Duboscq, Simone Bourday and Madeleine Guitty.The film's sets were designed by the art director Jean d'Eaubonne.	jean d'eaubonne,director jean,madeleine guitty,art director,simone bourday,drama film,lucien duboscq,french drama,old alsace,film,jean,alsace,director,french,duboscq,simone,lucien,bourday
Zoidze is a Georgian surname that may refer to:	georgian,zoidze,surname
The Verbandsliga Hessen-Nord, until 2008 named Landesliga Hessen-Nord, is currently the sixth tier of the German football league system.	league system,football league,german football,sixth tier,landesliga hessen,verbandsliga hessen,hessen,nord,league,football,german,tier,sixth,landesliga,system,verbandsliga
Looney Tunes Dash was an endless running video game developed and published by Zynga and Eat Sleep Play.	sleep play,video game,tunes dash,looney tunes,tunes,sleep,dash,zynga,endless,game,video,looney,play
Nicholas Campbell is a Canadian actor and filmmaker, who won three Gemini Awards for acting.	gemini awards,canadian actor,nicholas campbell,campbell,gemini,canadian,filmmaker,actor,nicholas,awards
In molecular biology, SNORA17 is a member of the H/ACA class of small nucleolar RNA that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines.	nucleolar rna,small nucleolar,aca class,molecular biology,biology,uridine,modification,member,site,nucleolar
The Friends of Israel Initiative is an international effort, to "seek to counter the attempts to delegitimize the State of Israel and its right to live in peace within safe and defensible borders", initiated and led by former Prime Minister of Spain and People's Party leader José María Aznar in 2010.It was co-founded by twelve other international figures.	international figure,maría aznar,josé maría,leader josé,party leader,prime minister,international effort,defensible border,israel initiative,israel,international,spain,minister,people,prime,party,border,leader,defensible
The China National Petroleum Corporation  is a major national oil and gas corporation of China PR and one of the largest integrated energy groups in the world.	energy group,integrated energy,china pr,large integrated,gas corporation,national oil,petroleum corporation,major national,national petroleum,china national,national,corporation,china,group,energy,integrated,large
Selim Aydemir is a Turkish footballer who plays for BB Erzurumspor.	bb erzurumspor,turkish footballer,selim aydemir,aydemir,turkish,footballer,selim,erzurumspor
The Church of St Catherine , Żejtun, is a Roman Catholic church, the seat of the archpriest of Żejtun and the mother church of various parishes established from the originally larger territory of the Żejtun parish.	żejtun parish,large territory,mother church,catholic church,roman catholic,st catherine,żejtun,church,parish,large,territory,catholic,seat,catherine,roman
Aberdeen floating village is located at the Aberdeen Harbour in the Southern District of Hong Kong.	hong kong,southern district,aberdeen harbour,aberdeen,hong,harbour,district,southern,village,kong
Diane Massam is a Canadian linguist.	canadian linguist,diane massam,massam,canadian,diane,linguist
Yejang-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dong, Myeong-dong and Pil-dong.	administrative dong,south korea,gu district,legal dong,dong,district,seoul,south,jung,korea,neighbourhood,administrative,yejang
Miles Buchanan is an Australian actor.	australian actor,miles buchanan,buchanan,australian,miles,actor
The Multifunction Polis was a controversial scheme for a planned community in Australia proposed in 1987 and abandoned in 1998.	controversial scheme,multifunction polis,polis,community,controversial,scheme,multifunction,australia
Anton R. Valukas (born c.	r. valukas,anton r.,valukas,anton
Iván Roberto Duque Gaviria aka Ernesto Báez is a Colombian paramilitary leader former member of the demobilized United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia .	defense forces,united self,paramilitary leader,colombian paramilitary,ernesto báez,duque gaviria,roberto duque,iván roberto,roberto,forces,duque,defense,gaviria,self,ernesto,united,báez,member
Abdul Majid is a Muslim male given name and, in modern usage, surname.	modern usage,muslim male,abdul majid,majid,usage,muslim,modern,male,abdul,surname
Seira domestica is a species in the family Entomobryidae , in the order Entomobryomorpha .	order entomobryomorpha,family entomobryidae,seira domestica,domestica,order,species,entomobryidae,family,seira,entomobryomorpha
This is a list of women's firsts noting the first time that a woman or women achieved a given historical feat.	woman,historical,first,time,feat,list
The 1935–36 Sussex County Football League season was the 16th in the history of the competition.The league featured 14 teams	league season,football league,county football,sussex county,league,sussex,county,football,history,season,competition,team
The Aṭṭhakavagga and the Pārāyanavagga are two small collections of suttas within the Pāli Canon of Theravada Buddhism.	theravada buddhism,pāli canon,small collection,pārāyanavagga,theravada,small,canon,collection,pāli,sutta,aṭṭhakavagga,buddhism
The Diocesan Museum in Pelplin holds one of the finest collections of medieval art in Poland.	medieval art,fine collection,diocesan museum,museum,pelplin,medieval,fine,collection,diocesan,poland
Fort Revere Park is a state-owned historic site and public recreation area situated on a small peninsula in the town of Hull, Massachusetts.	small peninsula,recreation area,public recreation,historic site,revere park,fort revere,revere,hull,park,town,state,peninsula,historic,small,site,area
Several ships have been named British Tar an alternative nickname for British sailors to Jack Tar:	jack tar,british sailor,alternative nickname,british tar,several ship,british,ship,nickname,sailor,alternative,jack,several
British Tar was launched at Shields and made five voyages as a whaler and several as a West Indiaman.	west indiaman,british tar,west,shields,whaler,voyage,british,indiaman
William Lounsbery was a U.S. Representative from New York.	new york,u.s. representative,william lounsbery,lounsbery,u.s.,representative,william,york
Aygabats ; formerly known as Ilkhiabi, is a village and rural community in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	shirak province,rural community,ilkhiabi,province,village,shirak,rural,community,aygabat,armenia
Mandrake of Oxford is a specialist independent publisher based in Oxford, England, primarily known for the publication of "hands-on" books for occult practitioners.	occult practitioner,independent publisher,specialist independent,oxford,occult,book,hand,publication,england,independent,specialist,publisher,practitioner
Solomon Bolaji Taiwo is an English actor known for appearing in various television and film projects.	film project,english actor,bolaji taiwo,solomon bolaji,bolaji,film,taiwo,television,english,actor,solomon,project
Lipa, officially the City of Lipa, , or simply known as Lipa City, is a 1st class city in the province of Batangas, Philippines.	class city,lipa city,city,batangas,province,lipa,class,philippines
.me is the Internet country code top-level domain for Montenegro.	level domain,country code,internet country,country,domain,code,level,internet,montenegro
The 2012 Brit Awards were held on 21 February 2012.	awards,brit,february
Oleg Zherebtsov is a Russian businessman, founder of hypermarkets "Lenta" and "Norma", the world sailing champion in 2011 at 12 meters class, the founder of the Association SB20 in Russia, and General Director of the Pharmaceutical Company Solopharm.	company solopharm,pharmaceutical company,general director,meter class,sailing champion,world sailing,russian businessman,oleg zherebtsov,founder,company,zherebtsov,pharmaceutical,director,russian,general,russia,world,sailing
Sharing a Robin's Life is a non-fiction book, written by Canadian writer Linda Johns, first published in July 1993 by Nimbus Publishing.	nimbus publishing,linda johns,writer linda,canadian writer,fiction book,life,nimbus,july,fiction,johns,book,linda,canadian,writer
Sigrid Giskegjerde Schjetne (July 6, 1996 – c.	giskegjerde schjetne,sigrid giskegjerde,giskegjerde,july,schjetne,sigrid
Tomio Ota is a Japanese athlete.	japanese athlete,tomio ota,japanese,tomio,athlete
Extended cognition is the view that mental processes and mind extend beyond the body to include aspects of the environment in which an organism is embedded and the organism's interaction with that environment.	mental process,extended cognition,environment,organism,cognition,view,mental,process,mind,body,aspect,interaction
Nana Hill Kagga Macpherson 	kagga macpherson,hill kagga,nana hill,hill,kagga,nana,macpherson
is a Ugandan actress, filmmaker, content creator, scriptwriter, petroleum engineer and a motivational speaker, very well known for her work on The Life, Beneath The Lies - The Series as a writer and executive producer, Star Trek and many other as an actress.	star trek,motivational speaker,executive producer,petroleum engineer,content creator,ugandan actress,actress,work,life,speaker,beneath,motivational,lies,engineer,series,petroleum
Krzysztof Jurgiel is a Polish politician.	polish politician,krzysztof jurgiel,jurgiel,polish,krzysztof,politician
Formula Renault V6 Eurocup is a former type of formula racing, active from 2003 to 2004, started by Renault as a support series in Eurosport's Super Racing Weekends .	racing weekends,super racing,formula racing,support series,formula renault,racing,renault,formula,eurosport,series,super,eurocup,support,type
Víctor Rangel Ayala is a retired Mexican footballer, currently manager of Atlético Mexiquense of the Mexican Primera Division A.	division a.,primera division,atlético mexiquense,mexican footballer,mexican primera,retired mexican,rangel ayala,víctor rangel,mexican,rangel,division,ayala,primera,retired,manager,atlético,footballer,mexiquense
 Career
Born in Mexico City, Rangel played club football for Club Deportivo Guadalajara, Club León, Atlético Potosino and Ángeles de Puebla.	atlético potosino,club león,deportivo guadalajara,club deportivo,club football,mexico city,club,ángeles,city,potosino,atlético,rangel,león,deportivo,guadalajara,puebla
Poropetra is an ethnic rock band from Finland, founded in 2002.	rock band,ethnic rock,ethnic,band,rock,poropetra,finland
Diving tenders of the Royal New Zealand Navy from its formation on 1 October 1941 to the present.	zealand navy,new zealand,royal new,diving tender,tender,october,royal,formation,navy,zealand,diving,present
State Route 177 is a north–south state highway located in the southwest corner of the U.S. state of Ohio.	u.s. state,southwest corner,state highway,south state,state route,state,southwest,corner,north,highway,u.s.,route,south,ohio
Events from the year 1886 in Ireland.	year,event,ireland
The Vienna U-Bahn , where U-Bahn is an abbreviation of the German term Untergrundbahn , is one of the two rapid transit systems for Vienna, Austria.	transit system,rapid transit,term untergrundbahn,german term,vienna u,vienna,term,german,untergrundbahn,abbreviation,rapid,bahn,transit,system
Phosphoinositide phospholipase C  is a family of eukaryotic intracellular enzymes that play an important role in signal transduction processes.	transduction process,signal transduction,important role,intracellular enzyme,eukaryotic intracellular,phospholipase c,phosphoinositide phospholipase,phospholipase,transduction,signal,family,role,eukaryotic,important,intracellular,enzyme
Iraí de Minas is a Brazilian municipality located in the northwest of the state of Minas Gerais.	minas gerais,brazilian municipality,minas,municipality,northwest,brazilian,state,iraí,gerais
The Cameroonian passport is issued to citizens of Cameroon for international travel.	international travel,cameroonian passport,passport,international,citizen,cameroon,cameroonian,travel
Qlaudia was a diocese in the Syriac Orthodox metropolitan province of Melitene , attested between the tenth and thirteenth centuries.	thirteenth century,metropolitan province,orthodox metropolitan,syriac orthodox,diocese,thirteenth,syriac,tenth,orthodox,melitene,metropolitan,province,qlaudia,century
Cuverville Island or Île de Cavelier de Cuverville is a dark, rocky island lying in Errera Channel between Arctowski Peninsula and the northern part of Rongé Island, off the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica.	graham land,west coast,rongé island,arctowski peninsula,errera channel,rocky island,de cavelier,île de,cuverville island,island,cuverville,land,graham,coast,arctowski,peninsula,channel,northern,west
Hostage Calm/Anti-Flag is a split EP between American punk rock bands Hostage Calm and Anti-Flag.	hostage calm,split ep,american punk,punk rock,rock band,band hostage,hostage,calm,flag,split,american,punk,rock,band
The 2016–17 Cypriot Third Division was the 46th season of the Cypriot third-level football league.	football league,level football,third division,cypriot third,cypriot,football,level,division,third,season,league
Maurice Power was member of parliament for County Cork and served as Lieutenant Governor of St Lucia from 1852.	st lucia,lieutenant governor,county cork,maurice power,power,member,governor,parliament,lieutenant,county,cork,maurice,lucia
James King is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the Pro14.	edinburgh rugby,union player,rugby union,scottish rugby,james king,rugby,king,scottish,player,union,edinburgh,james
The Cyrillization of Chinese is the transcription of Chinese characters into the Cyrillic alphabet.	cyrillic alphabet,chinese character,chinese,cyrillic,character,alphabet,cyrillization,transcription
The Juno Award for "Classical Composition of the Year" has been awarded since 1987, as recognition each year for the best classical music composition in Canada.	music composition,classical music,classical composition,good classical,juno award,composition,classical,year,award,good,music,juno,recognition,canada
Barry Alan Audia  is a former professional boxer from Pennington Gap, Virginia.	pennington gap,professional boxer,alan audia,barry alan,alan,audia,pennington,professional,boxer,barry,virginia
Ganoderic acids are a class of closely related triterpenoids found in Ganoderma mushrooms.	ganoderma mushroom,related triterpenoid,ganoderic acid,acid,ganoderma,class,triterpenoid,related,ganoderic,mushroom
Christian Gottlob Barth was a German Protestant minister, writer and publisher.	protestant minister,german protestant,gottlob barth,christian gottlob,gottlob,writer,barth,minister,german,protestant,christian,publisher
Robert Cyril Layton Perkins FRS was a distinguished British entomologist, ornithologist, and naturalist noted for his work on the fauna of the islands of Hawaii and on Hymenoptera.	british entomologist,distinguished british,perkins frs,layton perkins,cyril layton,robert cyril,cyril,hawaii,layton,island,perkins,fauna,work,distinguished,naturalist
The ovulatory shift hypothesis is the theory that women experience evolutionarily adaptive changes in subconscious thoughts and behaviors related to mating across the ovulatory cycle.	ovulatory cycle,subconscious thought,adaptive change,shift hypothesis,ovulatory shift,ovulatory,adaptive,woman,change,theory,subconscious,hypothesis,thought,shift,behavior
Geneviève Massignon was a French linguist and historian who studied Acadian speech.	acadian speech,french linguist,geneviève massignon,massignon,acadian,french,historian,linguist,geneviève,speech
Attenweiler ) is a municipality in the district of Biberach in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	municipality,württemberg,district,baden,biberach,attenweiler,germany
Gustav Benjamin Schwab was a German writer, pastor and publisher.	german writer,benjamin schwab,gustav benjamin,benjamin,pastor,schwab,writer,german,gustav,publisher
Lankasoma brincki is a species of millipedes in the family Lankasomatidae.	family lankasomatidae,lankasoma brincki,brincki,family,species,millipede,lankasoma,lankasomatidae
In computer science and automata theory, a Büchi automaton is a type of ω-automaton, which extends a finite automaton to infinite inputs.	infinite input,finite automaton,büchi automaton,automaton theory,computer science,automaton,science,infinite,ω-automaton,type,finite,theory,büchi,computer,input
Award Supernova: Loves Best is the second greatest hits album by M-Flo.	hit album,great hit,second great,award supernova,supernova,loves,album,second,great,award
The Display Serial Interface is a specification by the Mobile Industry Processor Interface Alliance aimed at reducing the cost of display controllers in a mobile device.	mobile device,display controller,interface alliance,processor interface,industry processor,serial interface,mobile industry,display serial,mobile,interface,display,industry,cost,processor,alliance,controller,specification,serial
Leevi Gerson Max was an Ovambo pastor in the service of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia.	lutheran church,evangelical lutheran,ovambo pastor,gerson max,leevi gerson,gerson,church,lutheran,ovambo,evangelical,pastor,service,leevi,namibia
Free-to-play video games, also known as free-to-start, are games that give players access to a significant portion of their content without paying.	significant portion,player access,video game,game,free,portion,significant,access,player,video,start,content
Donna McLeod is an American politician.	american politician,donna mcleod,mcleod,american,donna,politician
Enrique Serrano Escobar is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	revolutionary party,institutional revolutionary,mexican politician,serrano escobar,enrique serrano,serrano,revolutionary,escobar,institutional,mexican,politician,enrique,party
Democratic Left was a left-wing political party in Ireland between 1992 and 1999.	political party,wing political,democratic left,left,party,political,wing,ireland,democratic
The endocranium in comparative anatomy is a part of the skull base in vertebrates and it represents the basal, inner part of the cranium.	skull base,comparative anatomy,comparative,inner,anatomy,basal,skull,vertebrate,base,endocranium,cranium
The Country Music Association Awards, also known as the CMA Awards or CMAs, are presented to country music artists and broadcasters to recognize outstanding achievement in the country music industry.	country music,association awards,music association,cma awards,music artist,outstanding achievement,music industry,music,country,broadcaster,outstanding,awards,artist,achievement,association,industry
Horton-cum-Studley is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 6 1⁄2 miles northeast of the centre of Oxford and bordering Otmoor, and is one of the "Seven Towns" of Otmoor.	otmoor,studley,oxford,village,centre,civil,mile,parish,oxfordshire
Rouvres-Saint-Jean is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.	central france,loiret department,saint,central,jean,north,commune,department,loiret,rouvre,france
 Events
Costanzo Porta is employed in Padua.	porta,costanzo,padua
Leon G. "Lee" Cooperman is an American billionaire investor, hedge fund manager, and philanthropist.	fund manager,hedge fund,billionaire investor,american billionaire,leon g.,manager,fund,cooperman,hedge,american,investor,billionaire,leon
Atlanta Bread Company is a privately owned bakery cafe chain established in the United States in 1993.	united states,cafe chain,bakery cafe,bread company,atlanta bread,bread,united,company,chain,bakery,cafe,atlanta,states
de Montgomerie is a prominent family of Anglo-Normans origin, belonging to both French and British nobility.	british nobility,normans origin,prominent family,prominent,british,family,french,anglo,origin,normans,montgomerie,nobility
Gerard Vandergucht  was an English engraver and art dealer.	art dealer,english engraver,gerard vandergucht,vandergucht,english,engraver,gerard,dealer
Alexander Gennadyevich Kurosh was a Soviet mathematician, known for his work in abstract algebra.	abstract algebra,soviet mathematician,gennadyevich kurosh,alexander gennadyevich,gennadyevich,abstract,kurosh,work,soviet,mathematician,alexander,algebra
Immidinayaganapalli is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district, Tamil Nadu, India.	tamil nadu,krishnagiri district,village,nadu,hosur,tamil,krishnagiri,district,immidinayaganapalli,india
Mazus pumilio, commonly known as the swamp mazus, is a plant endemic to eastern Australia.	eastern australia,plant endemic,swamp mazus,mazus pumilio,mazus,eastern,endemic,plant,pumilio,swamp,australia
The Grambling State Tigers men's basketball team represents Grambling State University in Grambling, Louisiana.	grambling state,tigers man,state tigers,basketball team,state university,grambling,state,basketball,team,tigers,university,louisiana
The Chevrolet Superior was launched in 1923, manufactured by Chevrolet for four years with a different series per year.	different series,chevrolet superior,year,chevrolet,different,series,superior
A Little Frog Is looking for His Father is The 1964 Soviet Russian Stop-motion Animation Film by Roman Kachanov.	roman kachanov,animation film,motion animation,russian stop,soviet russian,-PRON- father,little frog,frog,roman,-PRON-,film,father,animation,soviet,motion,russian,stop
Famen Temple is a Buddhist temple located in Famen town , Fufeng County, 120 kilometers west of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.	fufeng county,famen town,buddhist temple,famen temple,temple,shaanxi,famen,xi'an,town,kilometer,fufeng,county,buddhist,china
Luis Francisco Ortiz is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball .	league baseball,major league,baltimore orioles,baseball pitcher,professional baseball,american professional,francisco ortiz,luis francisco,baseball,francisco,ortiz,american,orioles,professional,baltimore,major,pitcher,league
David Josefowitz CBE was the founder of the London Soloists Chamber Orchestra.	chamber orchestra,soloists chamber,london soloists,josefowitz cbe,david josefowitz,josefowitz,chamber,soloists,founder,london,david,orchestra
Rodrigo Diego is a Mexican diver.	mexican diver,rodrigo diego,diego,mexican,rodrigo,diver
Thonne-les-Près is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.	eastern france,grand est,meuse department,près,eastern,commune,north,meuse,department,grand,thonne,france
Cane Hill is an American heavy metal band formed in New Orleans, Louisiana in 2011.	new orleans,metal band,heavy metal,american heavy,cane hill,hill,orleans,american,heavy,band,metal,cane,louisiana
Sufan-e Olya is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	khuzestan province,shushtar county,central district,rural district,shomali rural,e shomali,miyan ab,e olya,district,province,khuzestan,county,shushtar,rural,village,miyan,shomali
Moroccan music is characterized by its great diversity from one region to another.	great diversity,moroccan music,music,diversity,great,moroccan,region
Weisi Lin is a School of Computer Science and Engineering professor at the Nanyang Technical University, Singapore.	technical university,nanyang technical,engineering professor,computer science,weisi lin,university,school,technical,computer,nanyang,science,professor,engineering,weisi
Daniel Ricardo Febles Argüelles is a Venezuelan footballer who plays for Guabirá as a forward.	venezuelan footballer,febles argüelles,ricardo febles,daniel ricardo,ricardo,guabirá,febles,footballer,argüelles,venezuelan,daniel,forward
S. V. Krishna Shankar, commonly referred to as Krishna Shankar is an Indian film actor who appears in Malayalam films.	krishna shankar,malayalam film,film actor,indian film,v. krishna,s. v.,film,krishna,shankar,indian,actor,malayalam
Roma Courthouse is a heritage-listed courthouse at 141 McDowall Street, Roma, Maranoa Region, Queensland, Australia.	maranoa region,mcdowall street,roma courthouse,courthouse,roma,queensland,region,maranoa,mcdowall,street,australia,heritage
In mathematics, the Banach–Mazur theorem is a theorem of functional analysis.	banach,functional,mazur,theorem,mathematic,analysis
Luminous Moss is a 1992 Japanese horror film directed by Kei Kumai and produced by actor Taketoshi Naito.	taketoshi naito,actor taketoshi,kei kumai,horror film,japanese horror,luminous moss,moss,taketoshi,japanese,actor,horror,kumai,film,luminous,naito
Josephine Kabick  was a female pitcher who played from 1944 through 1947 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.	baseball league,professional baseball,girls professional,female pitcher,american girls,josephine kabick,kabick,baseball,female,professional,pitcher,girls,american,josephine,league
Zborczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	southern poland,poland voivodeship,lesser poland,wieliczka county,gmina gdów,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,gdów,wieliczka,county,lesser,voivodeship
Per Gunnar Lager was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,swedish rower,gunnar lager,lager,summer,swedish,rower,gunnar,olympics
Duzakh Darreh is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	kerman province,jiroft county,central district,rural district,esfandaqeh rural,duzakh darreh,district,darreh,province,village,kerman,esfandaqeh,county,rural,jiroft,duzakh
Suicide in B♭ is a play by Sam Shepard.	sam shepard,play,suicide,shepard
An ex-voto is a votive offering to a saint or to a divinity; the term is usually restricted to Christian examples.	christian example,votive offering,votive,christian,offering,term,saint,divinity,voto,example
Patrick Toussaint is an Andorran alpine skier.	alpine skier,andorran alpine,patrick toussaint,toussaint,alpine,andorran,patrick,skier
McKays is an unincorporated community in Clinton County, Ohio, United States.	united states,clinton county,unincorporated community,unincorporated,united,community,ohio,clinton,county,mckays,states
France–Norway relations are foreign relations between France and Norway.	foreign relation,norway relation,relation,france,norway,foreign
James Thynne was the member of Parliament for the constituency of Cirencester for the parliament of January 1701.	parliament,thynne,member,constituency,cirencester,james,january
Crying Undercover is the first solo single by Rania Zeriri.	rania zeriri,solo single,solo,rania,single,undercover,zeriri
Reinhold Ranftl is an Austrian footballer who plays for LASK Linz.	lask linz,austrian footballer,reinhold ranftl,ranftl,lask,austrian,footballer,reinhold,linz
The List of Mount Rainier National Park references identifies English language historic, scientific, ecological, cultural, tourism, social, and advocacy books, journals and studies on the subject of Mount Rainier National Park topics published since 1899 and documented in Mount Rainier related bibliographies and other related references.	mount rainier,national park,rainier national,park reference,language historic,english language,related reference,advocacy book,related bibliography,park topic,mount,related,reference,rainier,park,tourism,social,cultural,advocacy,ecological
Eddy Tansil or Tan Tjoe Hong or Tan TJU Fuan is an Indonesian businessman of Chinese descent who escaped from the Cipinang Prison, Jakarta, on May 4, 1996, during a 20 year prison sentence for embezzling 565 million US dollars of loan money acquired from Bank Pembangunan Indonesia, a former major Indonesian bank which is now part of the Mandiri group of banks.In 1994, Tansil was sentenced to 20 years in prison and given a fine of 30 million rupiah, ordered to pay 500 billion rupiah compensation, and pay the state losses of 1.3 trillion rupiah.	state loss,mandiri group,rupiah compensation,indonesian bank,major indonesian,pembangunan indonesia,bank pembangunan,loan money,us dollar,prison sentence,bank,prison,rupiah,indonesian,tansil,year,dollar,loan
Issam Jad'aan Zahreddine , also transliterated as Issam Zaher Eldin or Issam Zaher al-Deen, was a Major General of the Syrian Republican Guard who played a major role in the Syrian Civil War, leading Syrian government forces on several fronts.	government force,syrian government,civil war,issam zaher,syrian civil,republican guard,major role,zaher eldin,syrian republican,zaher al,syrian,major,issam,zaher,force,government,deen,jad'aan,zahreddine
HM Prison Drake Hall is a women's closed prison, located near the village of Eccleshall in Staffordshire, England.	closed prison,drake hall,prison drake,hm prison,prison,staffordshire,eccleshall,village,hall,woman,drake,closed,england
Heinrichs is a surname derived from Heinrich.	surname,heinrichs,heinrich
Tripterocalyx micranthus is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common names smallflower sandverbena and small-flowered sand-verbena.	flowered sand,smallflow sandverbena,name smallflow,common name,o'clock family,species,sand,plant,flowered,o'clock,small,family,sandverbena,common,smallflow
This is a list of American films that were released in 1945.	american,list,film
Fumitremorgins are tremorogenic metabolites of Aspergillus and Penicillium, that belong to a class of naturally occurring 2,5-diketopiperazines.	tremorogenic,penicillium,metabolite,aspergillus,fumitremorgin,class
Sarah Butler is an American actress.	american actress,sarah butler,butler,american,sarah,actress
Vestandsk or Vestlandske dialekter is a collective term for the dialects that are spoken on the coast of western Norway in the area ranging from Romsdal in the north to Agder in the south.	western norway,collective term,vestlandske dialekter,vestlandske,agder,dialekter,north,collective,romsdal,term,area,dialect,norway
Andrés Eduardo Mata Pérez is a Venezuelan-born Spanish weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category.	kg category,spanish weightlifter,mata pérez,eduardo mata,andrés eduardo,eduardo,mata,weightlifter,pérez,spanish,venezuelan,andrés,category
The Man from Pomegranate Street is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence.	caroline lawrence,historical novel,pomegranate street,pomegranate,caroline,street,novel,child,historical,lawrence
Ramrod is an EP by Scraping Foetus Off the Wheel released by Self Immolation/Some Bizzare in 1987.	immolation,foetus,self,wheel,ramrod,bizzare
Dmitri Aleksandrovich Zaytsev is a Russian football goalkeeper.	football goalkeeper,russian football,aleksandrovich zaytsev,dmitri aleksandrovich,aleksandrovich,football,zaytsev,russian,dmitri,goalkeeper
Tupadly  is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	czech republic,bohemian region,central bohemian,mělník district,village,czech,municipality,region,mělník,bohemian,district,central,tupadly,republic
The Moldova national rugby league team first competed into international competition in 1993.	international competition,league team,rugby league,national rugby,moldova national,national,international,rugby,team,league,moldova,competition
Cucumber cake is a cake prepared using cucumber as a primary ingredient.	primary ingredient,cucumber cake,primary,cucumber,cake,ingredient
Gudur is one of the largest villages in BibiNagar Mandal in Nalgonda district, Telangana, India.	nalgonda district,bibinagar mandal,large village,large,telangana,village,district,bibinagar,nalgonda,mandal,gudur,india
Morgan Hicks is an American sport shooter.	sport shooter,american sport,morgan hicks,hicks,sport,american,morgan,shooter
Bryn West is a retired English cricketer.	english cricketer,retired english,bryn west,west,english,retired,bryn,cricketer
There are over 20,000 Grade II* listed buildings in England.	building,grade,england
 Preparation
To face 2017 season 2017, PSIS Semarang prepare the team since November 2016.	psis,team,semarang,season,november
Wiencourt-l'Équipée is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.	northern france,somme department,l'équipée,france,commune,somme,hauts,department,wiencourt,northern
Aldino Herdianto is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Mitra Kukar in the Liga 1 as a forward.	mitra kukar,indonesian footballer,aldino herdianto,herdianto,liga,indonesian,kukar,footballer,mitra,aldino,forward
Rosman Sulaiman is a Singaporean footballer who plays for S.League side, Woodlands Wellington.He is a versatile player who is able to play in a variety of positions across the backline, as well in as the left, right or centre of midfield.	versatile player,woodlands wellington,singaporean footballer,rosman sulaiman,sulaiman,centre,singaporean,left,footballer,backline,s.league,position,woodlands,variety
This is the list of Crayon Shin-chan's characters.	crayon,chan,shin,list,character
Ebenezer Erskine Pressly was the first president of Erskine Theological Seminary, beginning his service in 1838.	theological seminary,erskine theological,erskine pressly,ebenezer erskine,erskine,seminary,theological,pressly,president,service,ebenezer
The Higher Preparatory Examination is a 2-year general upper secondary programme building on to the 10th form of the Folkeskole and leading to the higher preparatory examination , which qualifies for admission to higher education, subject to the special entrance regulations applying to the individual higher education programmes.	high education,preparatory examination,programme building,entrance regulation,secondary programme,special entrance,upper secondary,general upper,high,preparatory,programme,examination,education,entrance,upper,general,special
Tom Tennant is an Australian former football manager and player.	football manager,tom tennant,tennant,manager,australian,football,player
Donald Bradley "Brad" Shultz Jr.	shultz jr.,donald bradley,bradley,shultz,brad,donald
This is a partial list of the notable television series that are primarily focused on the art of tattoo, and have articles on Wikipedia.	television series,notable television,partial list,list,article,notable,tattoo,television,series,partial,wikipedia
Septoria glycines is a fungal plant pathogen that causes leaf spot on soybean, a disease that is also known as brown spot.	brown spot,leaf spot,plant pathogen,fungal plant,spot,fungal,plant,pathogen,leaf,disease,soybean,brown,septoria
20 Lekë coins have a value of 20 Albanian lek.	albanian lek,lekë coin,coin,albanian,value,lekë
Tianjin Eye, also called as The Tientsin Eye, is a 120-metre tall giant Ferris wheel built above the Yongle Bridge , over the Hai River in Tianjin, China.	hai river,yongle bridge,ferris wheel,giant ferris,tall giant,tientsin eye,tianjin eye,tianjin,wheel,yongle,ferris,bridge,giant,tall,river
Roch-Moïse-Samuel Mignault was a physician and political figure in Quebec.	political figure,samuel mignault,moïse,figure,samuel,political,mignault,physician,roch,quebec
The men's C-1 1000 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics program.	olympics program,canoeing event,summer olympics,individual canoeing,metre event,canoeing,event,olympics,metre,summer,style,open,individual
The 2013 season was FC Kansas City's first season of existence, in which they competed in the National Women's Soccer League, the top division of women's soccer in the United States.	united states,soccer league,national women,kansas city,fc kansas,soccer,season,united,kansas,national,division,city,existence,women
Mutiny Ahead is a 1935 American adventure film directed by Thomas Atkins and starring Neil Hamilton, Kathleen Burke and Leon Ames.	leon ames,kathleen burke,neil hamilton,thomas atkins,adventure film,american adventure,american,leon,adventure,burke,film,kathleen,thomas,hamilton,atkins,neil
Qeytaniyeh is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	markazi province,saveh county,central district,rural district,kandi rural,shahsavan kandi,district,village,province,shahsavan,markazi,kandi,county,rural,saveh,qeytaniyeh
José Daniel Barquero Cabrero is a Spanish businessman and university teacher.	university teacher,spanish businessman,barquero cabrero,daniel barquero,josé daniel,daniel,university,barquero,businessman,cabrero,spanish,josé,teacher
Claudio Vena is an Italian-born composer for film and television, now living and working in Canada.	vena,television,italian,film,composer,claudio,canada
Avengers Assemble is an American animated television series based on the fictional Marvel Comics superhero team known as the Avengers.	superhero team,comics superhero,marvel comics,fictional marvel,television series,avenger assemble,assemble,team,american,superhero,television,comics,series,marvel,fictional,avenger
In Euclidean space, the point on a plane 	space,point,euclidean,plane
  {\displaystyle ax+by+cz=d}	\displaystyle,ax+by+cz
  that is closest to the origin has the Cartesian coordinates 	origin,cartesian,close,coordinate
  {\displaystyle }
  {\displaystyle \displaystyle x={\frac {ad}{a^{2}+b^{2}+c^{2}}},\quad \quad \displaystyle y={\frac {bd}{a^{2}+b^{2}+c^{2}}},\quad \quad \displaystyle z={\frac {cd}{a^{2}+b^{2}+c^{2}}}}	\displaystyle z={\frac,\displaystyle y={\frac,\quad \displaystyle,\displaystyle x={\frac,\displaystyle \displaystyle,\displaystyle,z={\frac,x={\frac,\quad,y={\frac
 .The distance between the origin and point 	origin,distance,point
  {\displaystyle }
  {\displaystyle {\sqrt {x^{2}+y^{2}+z^{2}}}}	\sqrt,\displaystyle
Rear Admiral James Anthony Morse CB is a senior Royal Navy officer who served as Assistant Chief of Naval Staff and Controller of the Navy.	naval staff,assistant chief,navy officer,royal navy,morse cb,senior royal,anthony morse,james anthony,admiral james,rear admiral,navy,admiral,james,anthony,morse,senior,chief,naval,assistant
The Valea Gordon River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.	săsar river,gordon river,valea gordon,river,gordon,tributary,săsar,valea,romania
Lars Nilsson was a Sami who was burned at the stake for being a follower of the old Sami religion in Arjeplog in Sweden during the time of the Christianization of the Sami.	sami religion,old sami,lars nilsson,sami,nilsson,sweden,arjeplog,time,follower,religion,christianization,stake
Nancy Goodman Brinker is the founder and Chair of Global Strategy of Susan G. Komen, an organization named after her only sister, Susan, who died from breast cancer in 1980 at age 36.	breast cancer,g. komen,susan g.,global strategy,goodman brinker,nancy goodman,susan,goodman,cancer,brinker,founder,chair,breast,global,komen,organization
Charles Eugene "Pat" Boone is an American singer, composer, actor, writer, television personality, motivational speaker, and spokesman.	motivational speaker,television personality,american singer,charles eugene,eugene,speaker,motivational,boone,personality,american,television,singer,writer
Erica Malunguinho da Silva is a Brazilian politician who was elected into the state congress on October 7, 2018 after receiving around 54,400 votes.	state congress,brazilian politician,da silva,malunguinho da,erica malunguinho,malunguinho,october,congress,silva,state,brazilian,politician,erica,vote
In most biological nomenclature, a scale is a small rigid plate that grows out of an animal's skin to provide protection.	rigid plate,small rigid,biological nomenclature,nomenclature,skin,scale,animal,small,plate,rigid,biological,protection
Saturns Pattern is a song released by Paul Weller as a single on May 11, 2015.	paul weller,saturns pattern,pattern,single,song,weller,paul,saturns
The Greek Solution is a Greek political party founded by former MP Kyriakos Velopoulos.	kyriakos velopoulos,mp kyriakos,political party,greek political,greek solution,greek,kyriakos,political,party,solution,velopoulos
Slim Andrews, born Leonard Andrews Huntington, Jr.	andrews huntington,leonard andrews,slim andrews,andrews,huntington,slim,leonard
Gerald Augustine Paul Regan, PC, QC, ECNS , is a Canadian politician, who served as the 19th Premier of Nova Scotia from 1970 to 1978.	nova scotia,canadian politician,paul regan,augustine paul,gerald augustine,augustine,nova,paul,premier,regan,politician,canadian
Jenő Hunyady was a Hungarian mathematician noted for his work on conic sections and linear algebra, specifically on determinants.	linear algebra,conic section,hungarian mathematician,jenő hunyady,hunyady,algebra,hungarian,linear,mathematician,section,work,conic,jenő,determinant
Oetje John Rogge ) was an American attorney who prosecuted cases for the United States government, investigated Nazi activities in the United States, and in private practice was associated with civil rights and left-wing political causes.	united states,political cause,states government,nazi activity,wing political,civil right,private practice,american attorney,john rogge,oetje john,united,states,political,john,wing,rogge,left,american,right,civil
Greg D. Clausen is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate.	minnesota senate,minnesota politician,d. clausen,greg d.,minnesota,clausen,politician,member,greg,senate
The Munich–Mühldorf railway is a 74 .8 km long main line in the German state of Bavaria, which opened on 1 May 1871.	german state,main line,long main,km long,mühldorf railway,mühldorf,bavaria,railway,state,german,long,line,main,munich
Amirabad is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	khuzestan province,soleyman county,masjed soleyman,golgir district,rural district,tolbozan rural,district,province,tolbozan,khuzestan,rural,county,soleyman,masjed,iran,village
Nathan Gold , was an American colonial leader and deputy governor of the Colony of Connecticut from 1708 until his death in 1723.	deputy governor,colonial leader,american colonial,nathan gold,gold,connecticut,american,colony,colonial,governor,leader,deputy,nathan,death
This is a list of settlements in Cluj County, Romania.	settlement,county,cluj,list,romania
The Roman Catholic hermitage of Our Lady of the Enclosed Garden is situated in the former reformed church of Warfhuizen, a village in the extreme north of the Netherlands.	extreme north,enclosed garden,-PRON- lady,catholic hermitage,roman catholic,catholic,north,hermitage,extreme,-PRON-,village,lady,warfhuizen,enclosed,church
James Harper-Orr was a Scottish cricketer and field hockey player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,hockey player,field hockey,scottish cricketer,james harper,harper,summer,player,scottish,hockey,cricketer,field,james,olympics
Jackie Chandiru is a Ugandan musician.	ugandan musician,jackie chandiru,chandiru,ugandan,jackie,musician
Giancarlo Coraggio is an Italian judge.	italian judge,giancarlo coraggio,coraggio,italian,giancarlo,judge
The Sturgeon River is a short river in Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	northwestern ontario,bay district,thunder bay,short river,sturgeon river,river,ontario,northwestern,thunder,district,canada,sturgeon,short
Zeinheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.	eastern france,grand est,rhin department,commune,eastern,north,rhin,department,grand,zeinheim,france
San Pedro District is one of ten districts of the province Ocros in Peru.	province ocros,pedro district,san pedro,district,ocros,pedro,province,peru
Home Again is an album by Judy Collins, released in 1984 by Elektra/Asylum Records.	asylum records,judy collins,home again,again,asylum,album,elektra,judy,collins,home,records
Tejas is a barrio in the municipality of Las Piedras, Puerto Rico.	puerto rico,las piedras,barrio,puerto,municipality,piedras,tejas,rico
Yefim G. Shubentsov is an acclaimed "eraser" of addictions, depression, anxiety and phobias.	g. shubentsov,yefim g.,anxiety,shubentsov,depression,eraser,addiction,yefim,phobia
Bertie Óg Murphy is an Irish retired hurling manager and former player who enjoyed a successful career as a right wing-forward with the Cork senior team.	senior team,right wing,cork senior,successful career,hurling manager,óg murphy,bertie óg,senior,murphy,cork,irish,forward,hurling,wing,manager,right
Aechmea dactylina is a species in the genus Aechmea.	genus aechmea,aechmea dactylina,aechmea,dactylina,species,genus
In 1318, the Delhi Sultanate ruler Qutbuddin Mubarak Shah sent an army to subjugate the Kakatiya ruler Prataparudra who had stopped making tribute payments to Delhi.	tribute payment,ruler prataparudra,mubarak shah,kakatiya ruler,qutbuddin mubarak,ruler qutbuddin,sultanate ruler,delhi sultanate,ruler,shah,payment,delhi,mubarak,army,tribute,sultanate,qutbuddin,kakatiya
The military history of Canada comprises hundreds of years of armed actions in the territory encompassing modern Canada, and interventions by the Canadian military in conflicts and peacekeeping worldwide.	canadian military,modern canada,armed action,military history,canada,military,conflict,armed,action,year,territory,canadian,hundred,modern
Never A Hero was a five-piece nu metal band formed in Sudbury, Suffolk, England in 2009.	piece,suffolk,metal,sudbury,band,hero,england
VFN can stand for verticillium wilt, fusarium, and nematode disease resistance in tomatoes.	disease resistance,nematode disease,verticillium wilt,verticillium,resistance,wilt,disease,fusarium,nematode,tomato
Memphis Underground is a 1969 album by jazz flutist Herbie Mann, that fuses the genres of jazz and rhythm and blues .	herbie mann,flutist herbie,jazz flutist,memphis underground,jazz,underground,rhythm,album,herbie,mann,flutist,genre,memphis,blue
Auxima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	genus,family,moth,auxima,geometridae
See Also: Walnut Ridge Air Force Station	force station,air force,ridge air,walnut ridge,ridge,force,walnut,station
Marine Corps Air Facility Walnut Ridge is a former United States Army and United States Marine Corps airfield located in Walnut Ridge, Arkansas.	marine corps,walnut ridge,united states,facility walnut,air facility,states army,states marine,corps airfield,ridge,walnut,corps,united,states,facility,airfield,marine,army
Bantams in Pine-Woods is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry, Harmonium.	pine,poetry,woods,book,poem,stevens,wallace,bantams,harmonium
Gonioterma is a genus of moths in the subfamily Stenomatinae.	genus,subfamily,moth,gonioterma,stenomatinae
Fort Nisqually was an important fur trading and farming post of the Hudson's Bay Company in the Puget Sound area, part of the Hudson's Bay Company's Columbia Department.	bay company,sound area,puget sound,farming post,columbia department,fur trading,important fur,fort nisqually,company,hudson,nisqually,important,columbia,trading,farming,sound,puget
In enzymology, a low-density-lipoprotein receptor kinase is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction	chemical reaction,receptor kinase,lipoprotein receptor,chemical,density,enzyme,lipoprotein,kinase,receptor,enzymology,reaction
ATP + -L-serine 	serine
  {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }	\displaystyle,\rightleftharpoon
  ADP + -O-phospho-L-serineThus, the two substrates of this enzyme are ATP and -L-serine]], whereas its two products are ADP and -O-phospho-L-serine]].	serine,enzyme,substrate,serinethus,phospho,product
Kaori Kodaira is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.	toray arrows,volleyball player,japanese volleyball,kaori kodaira,kodaira,toray,japanese,player,volleyball,kaori,arrows
The Kolombangara leaf warbler or sombre leaf warbler is a species of Old World warbler in the family Phylloscopidae.	leaf warbler,family phylloscopidae,sombre leaf,world warbler,old world,kolombangara leaf,warbler,leaf,family,species,world,sombre,phylloscopidae,kolombangara
Switched at Birth is a 1991 American television film directed by Waris Hussein.	waris hussein,television film,american television,american,waris,television,film,birth,hussein
The greengages are a group of cultivars of the common European plum.	european plum,common european,group,european,cultivar,common,greengage,plum
Roslyn is a town in Day County, South Dakota, United States.	united states,south dakota,day county,town,united,dakota,county,south,roslyn,states
John Kibet Koech is a Kenyan-born long-distance runner who competes internationally for Bahrain.	distance runner,kibet koech,john kibet,kibet,runner,koech,distance,kenyan,long,john,bahrain
Intermodulation is a 1966 jazz album by pianist Bill Evans and jazz guitarist Jim Hall.	jim hall,guitarist jim,jazz guitarist,bill evans,pianist bill,jazz album,jazz,guitarist,pianist,bill,album,evans,hall,intermodulation
Abramovo is a rural locality in Staroselskoye Rural Settlement of Vologodsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.	vologda oblast,vologodsky district,rural settlement,staroselskoye rural,rural locality,rural,oblast,vologda,district,vologodsky,settlement,locality,staroselskoye,russia,abramovo
Ricercate, passaggi et cadentie per potersi essercitar nel diminuir terminatamente con ogni sorte d’istrumento; et anco diversi passaggi per la semplice voce is a didactic work written by Giovanni Bassano.	giovanni bassano,didactic work,semplice voce,la semplice,diversi passaggi,con ogni,anco diversi,nel diminuir,essercitar nel,potersi essercitar,passaggi,giovanni,work,didactic,voce,diminuir,essercitar,ogni
The lacto-2 RNA motif is an RNA structure that is conserved amongst bacteria within the order Lactobacillales.	order lactobacillales,rna structure,rna motif,order,bacteria,structure,lactobacillales,motif
Walter "Wal" Hannington was a founding member of the Communist Party of Great Britain and National Organiser of the National Unemployed Workers' Movement, from its formation in 1921 to its end in 1939, when he became National Organiser of the Amalgamated Engineering Union.	national organiser,unemployed workers,national unemployed,engineering union,amalgamated engineering,great britain,communist party,national,engineering,hannington,member,amalgamated,communist,party,great,organiser
Mineral wool is any fibrous material formed by spinning or drawing molten mineral or rock materials such as slag and ceramics.Applications of mineral wool include thermal insulation , filtration, soundproofing, and hydroponic growth medium.	mineral wool,fibrous material,growth medium,molten mineral,rock material,hydroponic growth,thermal insulation,material,mineral,wool,growth,hydroponic,filtration,insulation,thermal,ceramic,slag
There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson.	thomas anderson,paul thomas,drama film,american drama,american,thomas,drama,paul,film,blood,anderson
Funckens Gränd is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	central stockholm,old town,gamla stan,funckens gränd,gränd,stockholm,alley,central,gamla,town,stan,funckens,sweden
Tooth fusion arises through union of two normally separated tooth germs, and depending upon the stage of development of the teeth at the time of union, it may be either complete or incomplete.	tooth germ,tooth fusion,tooth,union,complete,stage,germ,development,fusion,time,incomplete
Midnight Snack is the second studio album by Canadian recording project Homeshake.	project homeshake,recording project,canadian recording,studio album,second studio,midnight snack,snack,project,second,recording,studio,canadian,album,midnight,homeshake
Gradsteinia torrenticola is a species of moss in the Amblystegiaceae family.	amblystegiaceae family,gradsteinia torrenticola,torrenticola,amblystegiaceae,species,moss,gradsteinia,family
Talon Zipper is a company founded in 1893, originally as the Universal Fastener Company, in Chicago.	fastener company,universal fastener,talon zipper,company,zipper,universal,fastener,talon,chicago
New Fairview is a city in Wise County, Texas, United States.	united states,wise county,new fairview,fairview,united,city,texas,wise,county,states
Misimians were a mountainous indigenous tribe in ancient Georgia.	ancient georgia,indigenous tribe,mountainous indigenous,mountainous,ancient,indigenous,tribe,misimians,georgia
Sylvia Burns is a South African international lawn bowler.She won a gold medal in the Women's Triples at the 2008 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Christchurch.In 2016, she won a bronze medal with Susan Nel and Elma Davis in the triples at the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Christchurch.	bowls championship,outdoor bowls,world outdoor,bronze medal,susan nel,elma davis,gold medal,lawn bowler,international lawn,african international,medal,world,burns,south,african,international,lawn,bowler,championship,elma
Dinhata subdivision is a subdivision of the Cooch Behar district in the state of West Bengal, India.	west bengal,behar district,cooch behar,dinhata subdivision,subdivision,bengal,west,state,district,behar,cooch,india,dinhata
Silencer is the debut studio album by New Zealand rock band Zed.	band zed,rock band,zealand rock,new zealand,studio album,debut studio,debut,band,studio,rock,album,zealand,silencer
Leonardo González Arce is a Costa Rican footballer who plays as a defender for Herediano.	rican footballer,costa rican,gonzález arce,leonardo gonzález,gonzález,defender,arce,footballer,costa,rican,leonardo,herediano
The 2006 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament took place on March 2-5, 2006 in Little Rock, Arkansas at the Alltel Arena.	alltel arena,little rock,basketball tournament,sec women,women,alltel,basketball,arkansas,tournament,rock,place,little,march
Clifton Park Valve House, also known as the Lake Clifton Gate House or Lake Clifton Valve House, is a historic building located in a northeast area known as Clifton Park of Baltimore, Maryland.	valve house,clifton park,lake clifton,park valve,gate house,clifton gate,clifton valve,historic building,northeast area,clifton,house,park,valve,baltimore,building,northeast,historic,area,lake
A DataBlade is a module for the IBM Informix database server.	database server,informix database,ibm informix,module,database,informix,datablade,server
Louis Mélennec de Beyre is a French lawyer, doctor, singer, and historian, writing and performing as Louis Mélennec.	louis mélennec,de beyre,mélennec de,french lawyer,louis,mélennec,beyre,french,lawyer,doctor,singer,historian
The men's triathlon was an artistic gymnastics event held as part of the Gymnastics at the 1904 Summer Olympics programme.	olympics programme,summer olympics,gymnastic event,artistic gymnastic,triathlon,olympics,artistic,summer,gymnastic,gymnastics,event,programme
Beacon Designer designs highly specific and efficient primers and probes for real time PCR assays.	pcr assay,time pcr,real time,efficient primer,beacon designer,designer,specific,time,efficient,real,primer,probe,beacon,assay
Elliot Lindberg is a Swedish footballer who plays for Väsby United as a defender.	väsby united,swedish footballer,elliot lindberg,lindberg,united,swedish,väsby,footballer,elliot,defender
Abryna ziczac is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,abryna ziczac,ziczac,family,species,beetle,abryna,cerambycidae
Magnus Olson , best known by the pseudonym Frank Z. Wilson, was a career criminal who was born in Tromsø, Norway, the youngest of five children.	career criminal,z. wilson,frank z.,pseudonym frank,magnus olson,olson,young,pseudonym,norway,frank,tromsø,criminal,wilson,career
Hastang is a modern rock band based in Cebu City, Cebu, Philippines.	cebu city,rock band,modern rock,cebu,modern,rock,band,hastang,city,philippines
Libor Pala is a Czech football coach.	football coach,czech football,libor pala,pala,football,czech,libor,coach
Yeni Atito Ngbakoto is a professional footballer who plays for En Avant de Guingamp and the DR Congo national football team.	football team,national football,congo national,en avant,dr congo,professional footballer,atito ngbakoto,yeni atito,atito,football,ngbakoto,national,professional,congo,footballer,guingamp
The 6th Marine Regiment is an infantry regiment of the United States Marine Corps based at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.	marine corps,north carolina,camp lejeune,base camp,corps base,states marine,united states,infantry regiment,marine regiment,marine,regiment,north,lejeune,camp,base,corps,united,states,carolina
The Battle of Resaca was part of the Atlanta Campaign of the American Civil War.	civil war,american civil,atlanta campaign,resaca,civil,atlanta,american,campaign,battle
Jan Falandys is a retired light-flyweight freestyle wrestler from Poland.	freestyle wrestler,flyweight freestyle,retired light,jan falandys,falandys,wrestler,retired,freestyle,light,flyweight,poland
Saptamaruka Temple is Hindu temple in Jajpur in the Indian state of Odisha.	indian state,hindu temple,saptamaruka temple,temple,state,indian,jajpur,odisha,saptamaruka,hindu
ATP2B1 antisense RNA 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ATP2B1-AS1 gene.	antisense rna,protein,human,antisense,gene
El Kowm or Al Kawm is a circular, 20 km gap in the Syrian mountains that houses a series of archaeological sites.	archaeological site,syrian mountain,km gap,al kawm,el kowm,kowm,archaeological,series,kawm,mountain,circular,syrian
Tiotusen röda rosor is a song written by Thore Skogman.	thore skogman,röda rosor,tiotusen röda,röda,thore,rosor,song,tiotusen,skogman
Sam Effah is a Canadian sprinter.	canadian sprinter,sam effah,effah,canadian,sprinter
Carlos Ariel Recalde González , is a Paraguayan footballer playing for Club Olimpo of Argentine Football Association Primera B Nacional.	b nacional,primera b,association primera,football association,club olimpo,argentine football,footballer playing,recalde gonzález,paraguayan footballer,ariel recalde,ariel,recalde,primera,gonzález,association,paraguayan,football,footballer,argentine
Henry Hope Wong was an early Chinese-American aviator from Portland, Oregon.	american aviator,early chinese,hope wong,henry hope,hope,portland,wong,aviator,early,american,chinese,henry,oregon
Bærum Sportsklubb is a Norwegian association football club founded on 26 March 1910.	football club,association football,norwegian association,bærum sportsklubb,sportsklubb,club,norwegian,football,association,bærum,march
Adelante Andalucía is an electoral coalition formed by Podemos Andalusia, United Left/The Greens–Assembly for Andalusia, Andalusian Left and Andalusian Spring to contest the 2018 Andalusian regional election.	regional election,andalusian regional,andalusian spring,united left,podemos andalusia,electoral coalition,adelante andalucía,andalusian,andalusia,andalucía,electoral,regional,coalition,podemos,left,greens,united
The sixth season of the American mystery drama television series Pretty Little Liars, based on the books of the same name by Sara Shepard, was renewed on June 10, 2014 for two additional seasons, making the show ABC Family's longest running original series.The sixth and seventh seasons will consist of 20 episodes each.	seventh season,original series,abc family,little liars,sara shepard,additional season,pretty little,series pretty,television series,drama television,season,series,sixth,book,sara,liars,shepard,little,june,drama
Escala i corda , "stairs and rope") is the most prestigious variant of Valencian pilota, and the only one apart from raspall to have professional players.	professional player,valencian pilota,prestigious variant,corda,professional,stair,raspall,rope,pilota,prestigious,valencian,variant,escala
Robert E. "Bobby" Hutchins was an American child actor who was a regular in the Our Gang short subjects series from 1927 to 1933.	subject series,short subject,gang short,child actor,-PRON- gang,american child,robert e.,subject,bobby,short,hutchins,gang,american,-PRON-,child,regular
Hartland Township is one of the nineteen townships of Huron County, Ohio, United States.	united states,huron county,hartland township,township,united,ohio,county,huron,states,hartland
Scops owls are typical owls mostly belonging to the genus Otus.	genus otus,typical owl,scop owl,genus,otus,scop,typical
Sparganothina inbiana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	family tortricidae,sparganothina inbiana,inbiana,family,species,moth,sparganothina,tortricidae
This is a discography for Peter Green, the founder and original lead guitarist of Fleetwood Mac in the late 1960s.	fleetwood mac,lead guitarist,original lead,peter green,peter,late,green,founder,fleetwood,original,guitarist,lead,discography
Kainach bei Voitsberg is a municipality in the district of Voitsberg in the Austrian state of Styria.	austrian state,bei voitsberg,kainach bei,voitsberg,state,austrian,municipality,district,styria,kainach
The Galați Skating Rink or the Galați Artificial Skating Rink, is a multi-purpose hall in Galaţi, Romania.	skating rink,artificial skating,galați artificial,purpose hall,galați skating,rink,galați,skating,galaţi,hall,purpose,multi,artificial,romania
Taekwondo at the 2010 South American Games.	american games,south american,south,american,taekwondo,games
The Potosi School District is a school district that serves Potosi, Tennyson, and surrounding areas in Wisconsin.	school district,potosi school,potosi,area,tennyson,school,district,wisconsin
Jungia is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	genus,sunflower,plant,jungia,family
The Pioneer Party , also known as the Leadership Party, is a civil political party in Egypt.	political party,civil political,leadership party,pioneer party,party,civil,political,pioneer,leadership,egypt
Louis G. Hill was a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, serving from 1969 to 1978.	state senate,pennsylvania state,g. hill,louis g.,state,hill,pennsylvania,member,louis,senate
Navarrevisca is a municipality in the south of the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain, located 48 kilometers from the provincial capital.	municipality,provincial,south,kilometer,province,spain,ávila,león,castile,navarrevisca
Amelia Peabody's Egypt : A Compendium is a 2003 non-fiction book, edited by Elizabeth Peters and Kristen Whitbread.	kristen whitbread,elizabeth peters,fiction book,a compendium,amelia peabody,peabody,kristen,egypt,peters,elizabeth,compendium,book,fiction
Cathy Muller is a French former racing driver.	racing driver,cathy muller,muller,racing,french,cathy,driver
Jianmoda Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery of the Jonang sect in the Golog Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture of Qinghai province, China.	qinghai province,autonomous prefecture,tibetan autonomous,golog tibetan,jonang sect,buddhist monastery,tibetan buddhist,jianmoda monastery,monastery,tibetan,province,qinghai,prefecture,autonomous,sect,jonang,golog,buddhist
Wernekinck is a surname.	wernekinck,surname
Xiachu is a town in Rushan, Weihai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	shandong province,eastern shandong,town,province,rushan,shandong,weihai,eastern,xiachu,china
La Playa Stadium is the on campus stadium for Santa Barbara City College in Santa Barbara, California.	santa barbara,city college,barbara city,campus stadium,playa stadium,la playa,stadium,barbara,santa,playa,city,college,campus,california
The history of shopping malls in Michigan began in 1954.	shopping,mall,history,michigan
Enjoy the Ride is the debut album by Marshall Dyllon, an American country music boy band.	boy band,music boy,country music,american country,marshall dyllon,debut album,debut,album,music,marshall,country,dyllon,american,ride,band
The Ocala, Silver Springs and Park Street Railroad Company was incorporated by Florida state law chapter 3805 which was approved June 7, 1887.	law chapter,state law,railroad company,florida state,street railroad,park street,silver springs,silver,chapter,springs,park,state,street,florida,railroad,company
Frank Arthur Nankivell was an Australian artist and political cartoonist, known for his caricatures in publications such as Puck	political cartoonist,australian artist,arthur nankivell,frank arthur,arthur,publication,nankivell,caricature,australian,cartoonist,artist,political,frank,puck
 Early Life 	early,life
Nankivell was born to John and Annie Nankivell in Maldon, northwest of Castlemaine, Victoria in April, 1869.	nankivell,victoria,castlemaine,maldon,john,annie,april
Gelechia obscurella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae.	family gelechiidae,gelechia obscurella,obscurella,family,moth,gelechia,gelechiidae
Jan Brzechwa ), was a Polish poet, author and lawyer, known mostly for his contribution to children's literature.	polish poet,jan brzechwa,brzechwa,child,polish,contribution,poet,lawyer,author,literature
Chris Carroll was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League .	football league,victorian football,north melbourne,rule footballer,australian rule,chris carroll,carroll,football,australian,victorian,rule,melbourne,footballer,north,chris,league
Alberto Rescio is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team S.S. Barletta Calcio on loan from A.S. Bari.	a.s. bari,barletta calcio,s.s. barletta,team s.s.,divisione team,seconda divisione,pro seconda,football player,lega pro,professional football,rescio,a.s.,italian,loan,professional,calcio,football,barletta,player,s.s.
This is a list of airlines which have a current Air Operator Certificate issued by the Civil Aviation Authority of Mongolia .	aviation authority,civil aviation,operator certificate,air operator,current air,airline,authority,current,aviation,civil,operator,certificate,list,mongolia
Rebeuville is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.	northeastern france,grand est,vosges department,commune,northeastern,vosges,department,grand,rebeuville,france
Scoparia anadonta is a moth in the Crambidae family.	crambidae family,scoparia anadonta,anadonta,crambidae,moth,scoparia,family
Vier Gebroeders Airstrip , is and airport near Vier Gebroeders, Suriname.	vier gebroeders,gebroeders airstrip,gebroeders,airport,vier,airstrip,suriname
Todd Lynn Helton is an American former professional baseball first baseman who played his entire 17-year career for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball .	league baseball,major league,professional baseball,colorado rockies,lynn helton,todd lynn,baseball,lynn,helton,american,colorado,career,rockies,entire,major,professional
Karaksar is an air base in Russia located 42 km northeast of Olovyannaya.	base,russia,karaksar,olovyannaya
This article lists computer and video games in which a major part of the action takes place in New York City or a fictional city closely based on it.	fictional city,york city,new york,video game,computer,city,video,york,game,major,place,action,article
A space suit is a garment worn to keep a human alive in the harsh environment of outer space, vacuum and temperature extremes.	temperature extreme,outer space,harsh environment,human alive,space suit,space,temperature,vacuum,alive,human,harsh,garment,environment,suit,outer
Aigueperse is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.	eastern france,rhône department,commune,eastern,rhône,department,aigueperse,france
Navès is a municipality of the comarca of the Solsonès in the province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	municipality,catalonia,comarca,lleida,solsonès,province,navès,spain
Vicki Delany is a Canadian mystery novelist.	mystery novelist,canadian mystery,vicki delany,delany,mystery,canadian,vicki,novelist
The Corfu Channel case was the first public international law case heard before the International Court of Justice between 1947 and 1949, concerning state responsibility for damages at sea, as well as the doctrine of innocent passage.	innocent passage,state responsibility,international court,law case,international law,public international,channel case,corfu channel,case,international,innocent,doctrine,damage,responsibility,state,channel,justice
Buono is an Italian surname.	italian,buono,surname
Ingratiation is a psychological technique in which an individual attempts to influence another person by becoming more likeable to their target.	psychological,likeable,technique,person,individual,ingratiation,target
Saint-Loup-de-Gonois is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.	central france,loiret department,loup,central,north,gonois,department,commune,loiret,saint,france
State Route 368 is a 10.6-mile-long state highway in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia.	u.s. state,state highway,long state,state route,state,northeastern,highway,u.s.,route,long,georgia
Põltsamaa is a town in Põltsamaa Parish, in Jõgeva County, Estonia.	jõgeva county,põltsamaa parish,põltsamaa,county,parish,jõgeva,town,estonia
Parasite Bay is a small bay between Péage Island and the coastal angle formed by the west side of Cape Découverte.	cape découverte,coastal angle,péage island,small bay,parasite bay,cape,west,péage,angle,island,coastal,découverte,parasite,small
Dillon Day is a pornographic actor and director.	pornographic actor,dillon day,actor,pornographic,dillon,director
Paradocus maculicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,paradocus maculicolli,maculicolli,family,species,beetle,paradocus,cerambycidae
Shangolabad is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,east azerbaijan,bostanabad county,dash district,tekmeh dash,rural district,sharqi rural,e sharqi,district,village,province,abbas,azerbaijan,east,sharqi,county,rural
Clisospiridae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs.This family consists of three following subfamilies :	gastropod molluscs,marine gastropod,sea snail,taxonomic family,extinct taxonomic,family,extinct,taxonomic,marine,snail,gastropod,molluscs,clisospiridae,subfamily
The Harriet Irving Botanical Gardens are located in Wolfville, Nova Scotia on the Acadia University campus.	university campus,acadia university,nova scotia,botanical gardens,irving botanical,harriet irving,irving,university,botanical,acadia,gardens,scotia,wolfville,nova,harriet,campus
Live from Iraq is a live album by The Charlie Daniels Band released in 2007.	daniels band,charlie daniels,live album,live,daniels,album,charlie,iraq,band
Gigi Fernández and Natasha Zvereva were the defending champions but lost in the final after they were forced to retire at 6–4, 4–1 against Lori McNeil and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario.	sánchez vicario,arantxa sánchez,lori mcneil,natasha zvereva,gigi fernández,fernández,sánchez,natasha,arantxa,zvereva,mcneil,champion,lori,final,gigi
Romans d'Isonzo is a comune in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 40 kilometres northwest of Trieste and about 15 kilometres southwest of Gorizia.	kilometre southwest,venezia giulia,region friuli,italian region,romans d'isonzo,kilometre,gorizia,d'isonzo,comune,province,venezia,friuli,giulia,region,italian
The Railway Construction Act (Japanese: 鉄道敷設法, Hepburn: Tetsudō Fusetsu-hō, Law No.	law no,tetsudō fusetsu,construction act,railway construction,construction,japanese,fusetsu,鉄道敷設法,tetsudō,hepburn,railway
Le Courrier Australien is a bilingual French-English online newspaper, formerly a long-running print newspaper, based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	south wales,print newspaper,new south,online newspaper,english online,bilingual french,courrier australien,le courrier,newspaper,courrier,wales,australien,south,bilingual,french,sydney,english
Uniegoszcz  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubań, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	western poland,silesian voivodeship,low silesian,lubań county,gmina lubań,administrative district,lubań,western,village,south,administrative,voivodeship,district,silesian,gmina
The City of London Corporation owns and maintains open space in and around Greater London.	greater london,open space,london corporation,london,open,space,corporation,greater,city
The Hound of the Baskervilles is the third of the four crime novels written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle featuring the detective Sherlock Holmes.	sherlock holmes,detective sherlock,conan doyle,arthur conan,sir arthur,crime novel,baskervilles,sherlock,crime,detective,novel,doyle,conan,arthur,hound
Sevastopolskaya is a rural locality in Abadzekhskoye Rural Settlement of Maykopsky District, Russia.	maykopsky district,rural settlement,abadzekhskoye rural,rural locality,rural,district,maykopsky,settlement,locality,abadzekhskoye,russia,sevastopolskaya
The Hawaiʻi Visitors & Convention Bureau is a private, non-profit, 501-C-6 Corporation headquartered in the Waikīkī Business Plaza at 2270 Kalākaua Avenue, Suite 801 Honolulu, Hawaiʻi, on the Hawaiian island of Oʻahu in Waikīkī.	hawaiian island,kalākaua avenue,business plaza,waikīkī business,convention bureau,hawaiʻi visitors,hawaiʻi,waikīkī,private,bureau,kalākaua,avenue,convention,profit,plaza
Charaxes violetta, the violet-spotted emperor or violet-spotted charaxes, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.	family nymphalidae,charaxes violetta,violet,family,violetta,butterfly,charax,nymphalidae,charaxes,emperor
Patrick Palmer is a Welsh rugby union player.	union player,rugby union,welsh rugby,patrick palmer,palmer,union,welsh,rugby,patrick,player
Kosambari or koshambari is a typical south Indian salad made from pulses and seasoned with mustard seeds.	mustard seed,indian salad,south indian,typical south,koshambari,mustard,typical,pulse,south,salad,indian,kosambari,seed
Antirrhinum calycinum is species of flowering plants.	calycinum,specie,antirrhinum,plant
The Western Port Bay Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians which follows the coastline of Western Port Bay through several towns on the eastern side of the Mornington Peninsula in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	port bay,western port,bay trail,use path,mornington peninsula,victoria,melbourne,peninsula,mornington,cyclist,pedestrian,eastern,path,coastline
Fiends is a term used in the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game to refer to any malicious otherworldly creatures within the Dungeons & Dragons universe.	dragons universe,otherworldly creature,malicious otherworldly,playing game,fantasy role,dragons fantasy,dragons,dungeons,term,game,playing,malicious,role,otherworldly,fantasy,creature
A chlorine fluoride is an interhalogen compound containing only chlorine and fluorine.	interhalogen compound,chlorine fluoride,chlorine,interhalogen,fluoride,compound,fluorine
Chronos is a 1985 abstract film directed by Ron Fricke, created with custom-built time-lapse cameras.	lapse camera,ron fricke,abstract film,abstract,lapse,film,time,fricke,chronos,camera
Passiflora xishuangbannaensis is a passion flower vine in the genus Passiflora that is endemic to Yunnan, China.	genus passiflora,flower vine,passion flower,passiflora xishuangbannaensis,passiflora,yunnan,endemic,flower,passion,vine,xishuangbannaensis,genus,china
1982 is a song written by Buddy Blackmon and Vip Vipperman, and recorded by American country music singer Randy Travis.	randy travis,singer randy,music singer,country music,american country,vip vipperman,buddy blackmon,buddy,randy,blackmon,singer,music,vipperman,country,american,song
Russian All-People's Union is a Russian nationalist political party, formed in October 1991, in 2001 it merged into Narodnaya Volya.	narodnaya volya,political party,nationalist political,russian nationalist,russian all,russian,narodnaya,october,party,political,nationalist,people,union,volya
Ed Kashi is an American photojournalist and member of VII Photo based in the Greater New York area.	york area,new york,greater new,vii photo,american photojournalist,ed kashi,kashi,york,american,photojournalist,greater,member,photo
Alexei Nikolayevich Kosygin (Russian: Алексе́й Никола́евич Косы́гин, tr.	никола́евич косы́гин,nikolayevich kosygin,alexei nikolayevich,nikolayevich,никола́евич,kosygin,russian,alexei,косы́гин
This list of New Mexico Activities Association championships gives the past US state of New Mexico champions of New Mexico Activities Association in all sports.	new mexico,mexico activities,activities association,association championship,past us,us state,mexico champion,association,mexico,past,championship,state,activities,champion,sport
This is a list of women writers who were born in Brazil or whose writings are closely associated with that country.	woman,writing,writer,brazil,list,country
The AT&T Center is a multi-purpose indoor arena on the east side of San Antonio, Texas, United States.	united states,san antonio,indoor arena,purpose indoor,at&t center,center,united,multi,texas,purpose,antonio,indoor,arena,east
Lacuna succinea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	family littorinidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,lacuna succinea,succinea,winkle,species,littorinidae,family,snail,mollusk,marine,gastropod
The 1996 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi during the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season.	football season,ncaa division,football team,rebels football,miss rebels,ole miss,football,miss,rebels,mississippi,university,ncaa,team,division,season
SKF-83,959 is a synthetic benzazepine derivative used in scientific research which acts as an agonist at the D1-D2 dopamine receptor.	dopamine receptor,scientific research,benzazepine derivative,synthetic benzazepine,synthetic,dopamine,benzazepine,derivative,agonist,scientific,research,receptor
HM Prison Moorland is a Category C men's prison and Young Offenders Institution, near Hatfield Woodhouse in South Yorkshire, England.	south yorkshire,hatfield woodhouse,offenders institution,c man,young offenders,category c,prison moorland,hm prison,prison,yorkshire,south,woodhouse,hatfield,institution,offenders,category,young
21st Anniversary: Not That Innocent is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band, Girlschool, released on Communiqué Records in 2002.	communiqué records,metal band,heavy metal,british heavy,studio album,ninth studio,anniversary,communiqué,innocent,girlschool,ninth,band,studio,metal,album,heavy
I Run This is the third single from Birdman's third studio album 5 * Stunna.	birdman,album,studio,single,stunna
The Havre Residential Historic District is a site on the National Register of Historic Places encompassing 36 blocks in Havre, Montana.The Havre Residential Historic District represents Havre's economic growth and social change from 1895 to the 1940s.	historic district,residential historic,havre residential,national register,historic places,social change,economic growth,havre,historic,district,change,social,growth,economic,national,site,register
Mercy Tiffin Hospital is a hospital in Tiffin, Ohio and is part of Catholic Health Partners.	health partners,catholic health,tiffin hospital,mercy tiffin,tiffin,health,catholic,ohio,hospital,partners,mercy
Diane Rosemary Elson is a British economist, sociologist and gender and development social scientist.	social scientist,development social,british economist,rosemary elson,diane rosemary,rosemary,social,elson,development,british,gender,economist,sociologist,diane,scientist
The port of Ostend is situated in Ostend, West Flanders, Belgium.	ostend,flanders,west,belgium,port
Saldenburg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.	municipality,bavaria,district,grafenau,freyung,saldenburg,germany
Ashfield is an eastern suburb in the Queensland city of Bundaberg, Australia, accommodating contemporary suburban living in a residential estate surrounded by the existing farming region of the area and a smaller estate to the suburb's south-west.	small estate,farming region,residential estate,suburban living,contemporary suburban,queensland city,eastern suburb,suburb,estate,eastern,south,australia,contemporary,bundaberg,suburban,city,living
Happy Death Day is a 2017 American black comedy slasher film directed by Christopher Landon, and written by Scott Lobdell.	scott lobdell,christopher landon,slasher film,comedy slasher,black comedy,american black,death day,happy death,death,scott,landon,american,christopher,black,film,comedy,slasher
The Kingstown lifeboat disaster occurred on Christmas Eve 1895 off Kingstown , Ireland, when the Kingstown lifeboat was capsized while attempting to rescue the crew of the stricken SS Palme.	kingstown lifeboat,lifeboat disaster,christmas eve,ss palme,stricken ss,kingstown,lifeboat,stricken,crew,christmas,disaster,palme,ireland
Andrew Anselmo Smith is an American author and short story writer in the young adult fiction genre.	fiction genre,adult fiction,story writer,young adult,short story,american author,anselmo smith,andrew anselmo,anselmo,fiction,smith,adult,american,young,author,writer,short,story
Dalemiani refers to the faction around Massimo D'Alema, a leading member of the Democratic Party, a political party in Italy.	political party,democratic party,massimo d'alema,party,faction,massimo,democratic,d'alema,member,dalemiani,political,italy
The alphabet of human thought is a concept originally proposed by Gottfried Leibniz that provides a universal way to represent and analyze ideas and relationships by breaking down their component pieces.	component piece,universal way,gottfried leibniz,human thought,human,component,thought,relationship,concept,idea,gottfried,leibniz,universal
Julius Nepotianus , sometimes known in English as Nepotian, was a member of the Constantinian dynasty who reigned as a short-lived usurper of the Roman Empire.	roman empire,constantinian dynasty,julius nepotianus,nepotianus,roman,english,usurper,nepotian,dynasty,member,constantinian,julius,empire
Estadio Tetelo Vargas is a multi-use stadium in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic.	dominican republic,san pedro,use stadium,tetelo vargas,estadio tetelo,tetelo,dominican,vargas,macorís,multi,pedro,stadium,estadio
Perfect Places is a song by New Zealand singer and songwriter Lorde.	songwriter lorde,zealand singer,new zealand,perfect places,places,songwriter,song,singer,zealand,perfect,lorde
Abdul Wahid Soomro is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan form 2008 to 2013.	pakistan form,national assembly,pakistani politician,wahid soomro,abdul wahid,wahid,pakistan,soomro,assembly,pakistani,national,politician,member,abdul,form
Ferdowsiyeh is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	kerman province,narmashir county,central district,rural district,azizabad rural,district,province,village,kerman,azizabad,county,rural,narmashir,iran,ferdowsiyeh
This is a list of butterflies of Sudan and South Sudan.	butterfly,sudan,list,south
Nora and Naomi are Naomi Bitter and Nora Kochavi , a pair of Israeli artists who worked together between 1962 and 1999.	israeli artist,nora kochavi,naomi bitter,nora,naomi,israeli,pair,kochavi,bitter,artist
Neptis serena, the serene sailer or river sailer, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.	family nymphalidae,river sailer,serene sailer,neptis serena,sailer,serena,family,serene,butterfly,neptis,nymphalidae,river
Avondale is an unincorporated community in Prince George's County Maryland, United States.	united states,county maryland,prince george,unincorporated community,unincorporated,united,community,maryland,prince,county,george,avondale,states
Cheetham Hill Road is a road in north Manchester, England, running from Corporation Street in Manchester city centre to Prestwich.	city centre,manchester city,corporation street,north manchester,hill road,cheetham hill,manchester,road,centre,hill,city,corporation,england,street,north,prestwich
Holly Holyoake is a Welsh classical music singer from Duffryn, Newport.	music singer,classical music,welsh classical,holly holyoake,holyoake,duffryn,welsh,singer,classical,music,holly,newport
Pyruvate dehydrogenase is the first component enzyme of pyruvate dehydrogenase complex .	pyruvate dehydrogenase,component enzyme,dehydrogenase complex,dehydrogenase,enzyme,pyruvate,component,complex
B-lymphocyte antigen CD19, also known as CD19 molecule , B-Lymphocyte Surface Antigen B4, T-Cell Surface Antigen Leu-12 and CVID3 is a transmembrane protein that in humans is encoded by the gene CD19.	surface antigen,transmembrane protein,cell surface,lymphocyte surface,lymphocyte antigen,antigen,surface,lymphocyte,protein,transmembrane,human,gene
Barigama is a village in Sri Lanka.	village,barigama,lanka
Georgemas Junction railway station is a railway station serving the village of Halkirk and its surrounding areas in the Highland council area, northern Scotland.	railway station,northern scotland,council area,junction railway,highland council,georgemas junction,area,junction,railway,station,northern,village,halkirk,highland,council,georgemas
Joe Pedicino is a retired American professional wrestling announcer, commentator, promoter, television and radio producer.	radio producer,wrestling announcer,professional wrestling,american professional,retired american,joe pedicino,pedicino,radio,retired,television,american,promoter,professional,commentator,wrestling,announcer
Utena Arena is a sport arena in Utena, Lithuania.	sport arena,utena arena,utena,arena,sport,lithuania
The Music I Like to Play Vol.	music
The Thamirabarani River is a perennial river that originates from the Agastyarkoodam peak of Pothigai hills of the Western Ghats, above Papanasam in the Ambasamudram taluk.	ambasamudram taluk,western ghats,pothigai hill,agastyarkoodam peak,perennial river,thamirabarani river,river,ambasamudram,papanasam,agastyarkoodam,ghats,peak,western,pothigai,hill,taluk
Gymnosporangium nelsonii is a plant pathogen.	plant,gymnosporangium,pathogen
Wörlitz is a town and a former municipality in the district of Wittenberg, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	town,anhalt,municipality,saxony,district,wittenberg,wörlitz,germany
The Southern Cross of Honor was a commemorative medal created in 1899 by the United Daughters of the Confederacy to honor Confederate Veterans.	confederate veterans,united daughters,commemorative medal,southern cross,cross,confederate,honor,confederacy,commemorative,daughters,medal,united,southern,veterans
This is a list of places in Estonia having standing links to local communities in other countries.	place,community,estonia,local,link,list,country
Texas Southmost College is a public junior college located in Brownsville, Texas.	junior college,public junior,southmost college,texas southmost,college,texas,southmost,brownsville,public,junior
The Bose SoundDock Digital Music System, more commonly simply known as Bose SoundDock, is a speaker sound system which is compatible with Apple's iPod and Apple's iPhone.	bose sounddock,music system,digital music,sounddock digital,sound system,speaker sound,system,apple,sounddock,compatible,digital,speaker,music,sound,bose,ipod
Trillmatic is a song by American rapper ASAP Nast from the New York-based hip hop collective ASAP Mob.	asap mob,collective asap,hop collective,new york,hip hop,asap nast,rapper asap,american rapper,asap,song,american,rapper,york,nast,collective
An abolla was a cloak-like garment worn by ancient Greeks and Romans.	ancient greeks,like garment,cloak,greeks,like,ancient,garment,abolla,romans
Fayette Local Schools is a public K-12 school in Fayette, Ohio, United States.	united states,local schools,fayette local,fayette,united,ohio,public,schools,local,school,states
William Loren Batt was an American mechanical engineer, and president SKF Industries, Inc., awarded the Order of Vasa in 1923, the Henry Laurence Gantt Medal in 1940, and the Hoover Medal in 1951.	hoover medal,gantt medal,skf industries,laurence gantt,henry laurence,president skf,mechanical engineer,american mechanical,loren batt,william loren,loren,medal,batt,gantt,american,laurence,mechanical,henry,engineer,vasa
Lameth may refer to:
Kuyumcular is a village in the District of Seyhan, Adana Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,adana,seyhan,kuyumcular,turkey
In cryptography, the abbreviation CSP may refer to Critical Security Parameter.	security parameter,critical security,abbreviation csp,abbreviation,security,critical,cryptography,parameter
The 1941 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southern Conference in the 1941 college football season.	south carolina,football team,gamecocks football,football season,carolina gamecocks,college football,southern conference,football,carolina,university,conference,team,college,south,southern,gamecocks,season
A scooter is a type of motorcycle with a step-through frame and a platform for the rider's feet.	type,rider,motorcycle,platform,step,frame,scooter,foot
These are the statistics of Austrian Football Bundesliga in the 1983–84 season.	football bundesliga,austrian football,austrian,football,bundesliga,statistic,season
Frederick Phineas Rose was an American real estate developer, philanthropist, and member of the Rose family.	rose family,estate developer,real estate,american real,phineas rose,frederick phineas,rose,phineas,estate,developer,real,philanthropist,american,member,frederick,family
Jan Sierhuis is a painter, born in 1928, in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	sierhuis,amsterdam,painter,netherlands
Michael Nozik is an American film producer.	film producer,american film,michael nozik,nozik,film,american,michael,producer
Aegiphila mollis (syn.	molli,aegiphila
California Proposition 36, the Substance Abuse and Crime Prevention Act of 2000, was an initiative statute that permanently changed state law to allow qualifying defendants convicted of non-violent drug possession offenses to receive a probationary sentence in lieu of incarceration.	probationary sentence,possession offense,drug possession,state law,violent drug,initiative statute,prevention act,crime prevention,substance abuse,california proposition,proposition,lieu,substance,sentence,abuse,probationary,crime,offense,prevention,possession
The Actes and Monuments, popularly known as Foxe's Book of Martyrs, is a work of Protestant history and martyrology by John Foxe, first published in English in 1563 by John Day.	john day,john foxe,protestant history,john,foxe,monuments,protestant,work,history,martyrs,martyrology,book,english
Bulbophyllum bidenticulatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	genus bulbophyllum,bulbophyllum bidenticulatum,bulbophyllum,bidenticulatum,species,orchid,genus
São Félix do Tocantins is a municipality in the state of Tocantins in the Northern region of Brazil.The municipality is in the microregion of Jalapão.	northern region,são félix,tocantins,municipality,félix,microregion,region,northern,brazil,state,jalapão
Arnold De Biere was a German magician.	german magician,de biere,arnold de,german,biere,arnold,magician
The 1968 All England Championships was a badminton tournament held at Wembley Arena, London, England from 19–23 March 1968.	wembley arena,badminton tournament,england championships,all england,england,tournament,wembley,badminton,arena,championships,london,march
The Tabriz Firefighting Tower is a historical tower located in Tabriz, Iran.	historical tower,firefighting tower,tabriz firefighting,tabriz,tower,firefighting,historical,iran
Jesza Poszony is a former Hungarian football manager who coached FC Barcelona during the 1924–25 season.	fc barcelona,football manager,hungarian football,jesza poszony,poszony,barcelona,hungarian,football,manager,jesza,season
The Arapawa pig is a feral breed of domestic pig found on Arapaoa Island in the Marlborough Sounds, New Zealand.	new zealand,marlborough sounds,arapaoa island,domestic pig,feral breed,arapawa pig,sounds,marlborough,island,arapaoa,breed,feral,domestic,zealand
Parkwood Stable was a thoroughbred racing stable founded in the early 1930s, located at Conlin Road and Simcoe Street North a few miles north of Oshawa.	street north,simcoe street,conlin road,racing stable,thoroughbred racing,parkwood stable,stable,mile,north,street,simcoe,road,conlin,early,thoroughbred
Helene Bechstein née Capito was a German socialite and businesswoman.	german socialite,helene bechstein,bechstein,socialite,capito,german,helene,businesswoman
The Motorcycle Diaries is a memoir that traces the early travels of Marxist revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara, then a 23-year-old medical student, and his friend Alberto Granado, a 29-year-old biochemist.	old biochemist,alberto granado,friend alberto,medical student,revolutionary ernesto,old medical,marxist revolutionary,early travel,motorcycle diaries,diaries,memoir,early,travel,marxist,revolutionary,ernesto,friend
William Charles Elston was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League .	football league,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,charles elston,william charles,charles,football,elston,victorian,australian,melbourne,rule,footballer,william,league
The International Finance Corporation is an international financial institution that offers investment, advisory, and asset-management services to encourage private-sector development in developing countries.	sector development,management service,financial institution,international financial,finance corporation,international finance,international,development,sector,private,service,management,asset,advisory,investment,institution
Bromus alopecuros is a species of brome grass known by the common name weedy brome.	weedy brome,brome grass,bromus alopecuro,brome,alopecuro,species,common,grass,weedy,bromus
Jafarabad is a village in Taraznahid Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	markazi province,saveh county,central district,rural district,taraznahid rural,district,province,village,markazi,taraznahid,county,rural,saveh,iran,jafarabad
Richmond Ferry Terminal is a ferry terminal located in the Marina Bay neighborhood of Richmond, California.	ferry terminal,bay neighborhood,marina bay,richmond ferry,richmond,marina,terminal,ferry,neighborhood,california
Emperor is a 2012 American-Japanese historical drama film directed by Peter Webber, marking his first film in five years.	peter webber,drama film,historical drama,japanese historical,film,american,japanese,historical,drama,peter,webber,emperor,year
False Folio is the term that Shakespeare scholars and bibliographers have applied to William Jaggard's printing of ten Shakespearean and pseudo-Shakespearean plays together in 1619, the first attempt to collect Shakespeare's work in a single volume.	single volume,shakespearean play,william jaggard,shakespeare scholar,false folio,shakespeare,shakespearean,folio,single,term,work,jaggard,printing,william,bibliographer
Roy Hamilton Scott was a New Zealand cricketer who played in one Test in 1947.	zealand cricketer,new zealand,hamilton scott,roy hamilton,hamilton,cricketer,scott,zealand,test
Curling at the 2019 Winter Universiade was held at Ivan Yarygin Sports Palace from 3 to 10 March 2019.	sports palace,yarygin sports,ivan yarygin,winter universiade,universiade,palace,ivan,sports,yarygin,winter,march
Pay 'n Save was a retail company founded by Monte Lafayette Bean in Seattle, Washington; 1940.	lafayette bean,monte lafayette,retail company,retail,seattle,company,bean,monte,lafayette,save,washington
4S Ranch is a locale of San Diego County, California.	diego county,san diego,ranch,county,locale,diego,california
Sir George Lisle (c.	george lisle,sir george,george,lisle
Dave Thompson is an English writer who is the author of more than 100 books, largely dealing with rock and pop music, but also covering film, sports, philately, numismatics and erotica.	pop music,english writer,dave thompson,thompson,numismatic,english,sport,writer,film,author,music,book
The Brihajjabala Upanishad is one of the minor Upanishads, written in Sanskrit language.	sanskrit language,minor upanishad,minor,sanskrit,upanishad,brihajjabala,language
Henry Fairfax was an English clergyman and academic, Dean of Norwich after the Glorious Revolution.	glorious revolution,english clergyman,henry fairfax,fairfax,glorious,english,norwich,clergyman,dean,academic,henry,revolution
Amer Khammash, was a Jordanian Lieutenant General, political and personal adviser to King Hussein of Jordan as well as being His Majesty's Special representative, and being the Chief of The Royal Hashemite Court twice.	hashemite court,special representative,royal hashemite,-PRON- majesty,king hussein,personal adviser,lieutenant general,jordanian lieutenant,amer khammash,khammash,hashemite,jordanian,royal,lieutenant,chief,general,representative,political,special
King Shark is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.	dc comics,comic book,fictional supervillain,king shark,shark,fictional,book,supervillain,comic,king,comics
Fieldway tram stop is a light rail stop serving the Fieldway residential area of New Addington, in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.	southern suburb,london borough,new addington,residential area,fieldway residential,light rail,tram stop,fieldway tram,fieldway,london,stop,light,area,croydon,southern,tram,rail
The Fisher Flyer was a single seat tricycle landing gear biplane ultralight aircraft first flown by Michael Fisher in July 1980.	michael fisher,ultralight aircraft,biplane ultralight,gear biplane,landing gear,tricycle landing,seat tricycle,single seat,fisher flyer,fisher,landing,gear,tricycle,biplane,seat,ultralight,single,aircraft,flyer
Het Brabants Orkest was a Dutch symphony orchestra, based in the province of North Brabant.	north brabant,symphony orchestra,dutch symphony,brabants orkest,het brabants,brabants,north,orkest,province,dutch,orchestra,symphony,brabant
Hot Ice is a 1987 Australian film about a private detective.	private detective,australian film,hot ice,private,australian,film,detective
Africa AHEAD is a non-governmental organization working primarily in sub-Saharan Africa.	saharan africa,governmental organization,africa,governmental,organization,saharan
The New Mexico State Aggies football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the New Mexico State Aggies football program in various categories, including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking.	new mexico,mexico state,state aggies,statistical leader,aggies football,defensive stat,football statistical,individual statistical,total offense,football program,football,leader,statistical,defensive,offense,total,category,state,program,mexico
Mike Pereira is a former American football official and later Vice President of Officiating for the National Football League .	football league,vice president,national football,later vice,football official,american football,mike pereira,football,pereira,american,vice,president,later,officiating,official,national,mike
Off Broadway is an American rock band founded by Paul Darrow, Cliff Johnson, Paul McDermott, John Pazdan and Dan Santercola in 1977 in Oak Park, Illinois.	oak park,dan santercola,john pazdan,paul mcdermott,cliff johnson,paul darrow,rock band,american rock,off broadway,paul,park,broadway,american,santercola,rock,pazdan,john
Henry III was the Duke of Limburg and Count of Arlon from 1165 to his death.	arlon,duke,count,limburg,henry,death
Treinta y Tres Airport is an airport serving Treinta y Tres, capital of the Treinta y Tres Department of Uruguay.	treinta y,y tres,tres airport,tres department,tres,treinta,airport,department,capital,uruguay
The women's 400 metres hurdles at the 2010 European Athletics Championships was held at the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys on 27, 28 and 30 July.	lluís companys,olímpic lluís,athletics championships,estadi olímpic,european athletics,metre hurdle,metre,companys,hurdle,lluís,european,olímpic,athletics,estadi,championships,woman
William Storrs Wells was an American businessman serving as president and CEO of the Fairbanks Company who was prominent in New York society during the Gilded Age.	gilded age,york society,new york,fairbanks company,american businessman,storrs wells,william storrs,storrs,gilded,wells,society,american,york,businessman,president,prominent
The Honor of the Force is a 1914 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	oliver hardy,comedy film,silent comedy,american silent,force,oliver,american,film,silent,comedy,honor,hardy
Wahlberg's epauletted fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	family pteropodidae,fruit bat,epauletted fruit,epauletted,family,fruit,megabat,species,wahlberg,pteropodidae
Roofers is the debut album of New Zealand band, Breaks Co-op, released in 1997 under music label Deepgrooves Entertainment and then re-released in 2005 under EMI.	music label,breaks co,zealand band,new zealand,debut album,debut,entertainment,album,label,music,zealand,band
The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll (orig.	misadventures,maqroll,adventures,orig
Pioneers Press is an independent publishing house founded in 2012 following a split from Portland-based publisher Microcosm Publishing by publisher/editor Jessie Duke and based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, with its distribution center on a farm outside the town of Leavenworth, Kansas.	distribution center,ann arbor,jessie duke,editor jessie,microcosm publishing,publishing house,publisher microcosm,independent publishing,pioneers press,publishing,publisher,leavenworth,town,press,farm,center,distribution,michigan,arbor
Wild Things Run Fast is Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell's 11th studio album and her first of four for Geffen Records.	geffen records,studio album,joni mitchell,songwriter joni,canadian singer,wild thing,thing,geffen,fast,album,canadian,studio,singer,songwriter,mitchell
Quintunguenu  was a Mapuche caudillo, or military leader.	military leader,mapuche caudillo,mapuche,military,caudillo,quintunguenu,leader
I've Been Wrong Before is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Deborah Allen.	deborah allen,artist deborah,music artist,country music,american country,song co,song,deborah,artist,american,music,country,wrong,allen
Olzhas Orazaliyev is a Kazakhstani amateur boxer from Shymkent.At the 2000 Summer Olympics, Orazaliyev defeated Argentina's Hugo Garay and Cuba's Isael Álvarez in the first two rounds, until he was lost to Sergey Mihaylov of Uzbekistan in the quarterfinal match.	quarterfinal match,sergey mihaylov,isael álvarez,hugo garay,summer olympics,amateur boxer,kazakhstani amateur,olzhas orazaliyev,orazaliyev,quarterfinal,uzbekistan,mihaylov,sergey,round,álvarez,isael,cuba,garay
The South Bendigo Football Club is an Australian rules football club which competes in the Bendigo Football League .Since South Bendigo entered the league in 1894, no club has won more premierships.	football club,south bendigo,bendigo football,rule football,australian rule,football league,club,football,bendigo,league,australian,rule,south,premiership
Acanthoscelidius utahensis is a species of minute seed weevil in the beetle family Curculionidae.	family curculionidae,beetle family,seed weevil,minute seed,acanthoscelidius utahensis,utahensis,family,species,beetle,minute,weevil,seed,acanthoscelidius,curculionidae
The Border Environment Cooperation Commission headquartered in Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico, is a binational organization created in 1994 by the Federal Governments of the United States of America and Mexico under a side-agreement to the North American Free Trade Agreement .	trade agreement,free trade,united states,american free,federal governments,north american,binational organization,ciudad juarez,cooperation commission,environment cooperation,mexico,agreement,environment,cooperation,commission,ciudad,governments,federal,united,juarez
Redy  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	northern poland,masurian voivodeship,lidzbark county,lidzbark warmiński,gmina lidzbark,administrative district,lidzbark,northern,village,voivodeship,administrative,masurian,district,warmian,gmina,county
A round of regional elections in Italy took place during 2014 in 5 regions out of 20 including Sardinia , Piedmont and Abruzzo , Emilia-Romagna and Calabria .	regional,romagna,election,emilia,italy,abruzzo,place,piedmont,region,sardinia
This is a list of beaches in the United Kingdom.	beach,united,list,kingdom
William Charles Edmund Newbolt was an English Anglican priest and theologian.	anglican priest,english anglican,edmund newbolt,charles edmund,william charles,charles,priest,edmund,anglican,newbolt,english,william,theologian
The Fortescue River is an ephemeral river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	western australia,pilbara region,ephemeral river,fortescue river,river,western,region,pilbara,australia,fortescue,ephemeral
Kornberg is a mountain located in the Gruibingen municipality of the Göppingen district, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	göppingen district,gruibingen municipality,mountain,württemberg,gruibingen,baden,municipality,district,göppingen,kornberg,germany
Lee Keegan is a Gaelic footballer for the Mayo senior team and also plays club football for Westport GAA.	westport gaa,club football,senior team,mayo senior,gaelic footballer,lee keegan,keegan,westport,gaelic,football,footballer,club,mayo,team,senior
 Career
Lee Keegan started at right half back in two All-Ireland football finals: the 2012 decider, which Mayo lost by 0-03 to 2-11 against Donegal and the 2013 decider, which Mayo lost by 0-04 to 2-12 against Dublin.	football final,ireland football,lee keegan,mayo,decider,keegan,ireland,football,final,donegal,dublin
Phú Thọ is a province in northern Vietnam.	northern vietnam,phú thọ,northern,province,vietnam
Amaravathi is a 2009 Indian Telugu-language thriller film written and directed by Ravi Babu.	ravi babu,thriller film,language thriller,indian telugu,indian,ravi,telugu,film,language,thriller,amaravathi,babu
Triangle Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County, Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.	recreation area,national recreation,sawtooth mountains,sawtooth national,united states,elmore county,alpine lake,small alpine,triangle lake,lake,sawtooth,recreation,national,states,united,idaho,county,elmore,small
John M. Imel was an American attorney who served as the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Oklahoma from 1961 to 1967.He died in Tulsa, Oklahoma at age 82.	northern district,states attorney,united states,american attorney,m. imel,john m.,attorney,oklahoma,imel,district,american,northern,united,states,john
Craig Alan Laughlin is a Canadian retired ice hockey right wing and currently serves as the color analyst for the Washington Capitals on NBC Sports Washington.	sports washington,nbc sports,washington capitals,right wing,color analyst,hockey right,ice hockey,alan laughlin,craig alan,washington,alan,laughlin,canadian,hockey,right,wing,color,analyst
Introsort or introspective sort is a hybrid sorting algorithm that provides both fast average performance and optimal worst-case performance.	case performance,optimal bad,average performance,fast average,introspective sort,performance,introspective,sort,hybrid,algorithm,fast,average,optimal,case
HE 1523-0901 is the designation given to a red giant star in the Milky Way galaxy approximately 7500 light years from Earth.	light year,way galaxy,milky way,giant star,red giant,year,giant,light,star,galaxy,milky,designation,earth
Thondaradippodi Alvar or Vipra Narayana is one of the twelve azhwar saints of South India, who are known for their affiliation to Vaishnava tradition of Hinduism.	vaishnava tradition,south india,azhwar saint,vipra narayana,thondaradippodi alvar,alvar,tradition,vipra,vaishnava,narayana,affiliation,azhwar,india,saint,south
The Fo Guang Shan Buddha Museum , previously known as the Buddha Memorial Center, is a Mahayana Buddhist cultural, religious and educational museum located in Dashu District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	dashu district,educational museum,buddhist cultural,memorial center,mahayana buddhist,buddha museum,buddha memorial,shan buddha,guang shan,fo guang,buddha,museum,kaohsiung,guang,district,shan,buddhist,mahayana,cultural,dashu
Chronicleworld is an online magazine covering the British Afro-Caribbean and Afro-European communities.	european community,british afro,online magazine,afro,online,european,magazine,british,chronicleworld,community,caribbean
Azizabad is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	yazd province,bafq county,central district,rural district,sabzdasht rural,district,province,village,yazd,sabzdasht,county,rural,bafq,iran,azizabad
The Palazzo Borgherini-Rosselli del Turco is a Renaissance-style palace located in central Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	central florence,style palace,del turco,rosselli del,palazzo borgherini,borgherini,tuscany,rosselli,region,florence,turco,central,renaissance,palace
The Monkey Gland is a cocktail of gin, orange juice, grenadine and absinthe created in the 1920s by Harry MacElhone, owner of Harry's New York Bar in Paris, France.It is named after the pseudo-scientific idea that grafting monkey testicle tissue into humans would increase longevity, the idea developed by the Russian doctor Serge Voronoff.	serge voronoff,testicle tissue,doctor serge,russian doctor,monkey testicle,york bar,scientific idea,new york,harry macelhone,orange juice,idea,harry,monkey,serge,doctor,paris,france,orange
The Etv Oriya Film Awards started in the year 2010 to honor Orissa film artists & technician.	film artist,film awards,orissa film,oriya film,etv oriya,film,oriya,artist,year,awards,orissa,technician
Canal Once , is a Mexican educational broadcast television network owned by Instituto Politécnico Nacional.	politécnico nacional,instituto politécnico,television network,broadcast television,educational broadcast,mexican educational,mexican,politécnico,educational,instituto,broadcast,network,television,canal,nacional
Aglaia scortechinii is a species of plant in the family Meliaceae.	family meliaceae,aglaia scortechinii,scortechinii,family,species,plant,aglaia,meliaceae
Gary Robinson was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions from 1969 to 1978.	bc lions,football player,canadian football,gary robinson,robinson,canadian,player,football,gary,lions
Leo Rosen was a U.S. cryptanalyst who worked with Frank Rowlett at Signals Intelligence Service before the start of World War II on Japanese ciphers.	japanese cipher,war ii,intelligence service,world war,signals intelligence,frank rowlett,u.s. cryptanalyst,leo rosen,rosen,japanese,u.s.,cryptanalyst,frank,world,rowlett,start
Nigel Shaw is a Canadian Anglican Bishop.Shaw was educated at the University of Toronto; and ordained in 1985.	anglican bishop,canadian anglican,nigel shaw,shaw,university,anglican,canadian,bishop,toronto,nigel
Olenka and the Autumn Lovers are a Canadian indie folk band from Vancouver, Fronted by Polish-born singer-songwriter Olenka Krakus, the band's sound is mix of orchestral folk pop with elements reminiscent of classic country and folk music, and Eastern European folk.	european folk,eastern european,folk music,classic country,element reminiscent,folk pop,olenka krakus,folk band,orchestral folk,songwriter olenka,folk,band,olenka,singer,reminiscent,lovers,polish,element,classic,canadian
Sangre Grande is a region of Trinidad.	grande,region,sangre,trinidad
Hilda is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Cypress County, located 4 kilometres east of Highway 41, approximately 67 kilometres northeast of Medicine Hat.	medicine hat,kilometre east,cypress county,southern alberta,kilometre,hamlet,southern,alberta,medicine,canada,cypress,county,east,highway
The North Siberian is a general purpose pig breed from Russia.	pig breed,purpose pig,general purpose,north siberian,siberian,breed,general,purpose,north,russia
Dipeptidyl peptidase 8 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the DPP8 gene.This gene encodes a member of the peptidase S9B family, a small family of dipeptidyl peptidases that are able to cleave peptide substrates at a prolyl bond.	prolyl bond,peptide substrate,dipeptidyl peptidase,small family,peptidase,family,dipeptidyl,gene,prolyl,substrate,peptide,able,human,enzyme
In the United Kingdom, a variety of contemporary Pagan movements professing a form of Heathenry exist.	pagan movement,contemporary pagan,united kingdom,kingdom,form,variety,movement,contemporary,pagan,united,heathenry
The Man Who Stayed at Home is a play by J. E. Harold Terry and Lechmere Worrall.	lechmere worrall,harold terry,e. harold,j. e.,man who,lechmere,home,terry,play,harold,worrall
Queen of Peace High School was a Roman Catholic high school for girls located in Burbank, Illinois.	high school,catholic high,roman catholic,peace high,high,school,burbank,peace,girl,catholic,roman,illinois,queen
3DMark is a computer benchmarking tool created and developed by UL, , to determine the performance of a computer's 3D graphic rendering and CPU workload processing capabilities.	processing capability,workload processing,cpu workload,graphic rendering,computer,processing,workload,rendering,graphic,tool,performance
Kristina Ranudd is a Swedish former cyclist.	ranudd,swedish,kristina,cyclist
Bankon is a Bantu language spoken in the Moungo department of the Littoral Province of southwestern Cameroon.	southwestern cameroon,littoral province,moungo department,bantu language,bantu,southwestern,language,province,moungo,littoral,department,bankon,cameroon
Kultaranta VIII is the presidential yacht of the Finnish president.	finnish president,presidential yacht,kultaranta viii,viii,finnish,presidential,yacht,kultaranta,president
Przerwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	central poland,łódź voivodeship,sieradz county,gmina złoczew,administrative district,village,central,administrative,voivodeship,district,łódź,gmina,county,złoczew,sieradz
Hamidou Bojang is a Gambian international footballer who plays for ASC Linguère, as a defender.	asc linguère,international footballer,gambian international,hamidou bojang,bojang,linguère,gambian,international,footballer,hamidou,defender
Pakhomy Ivanovich Adreyushkin was a Russian revolutionary, member of Narodnaya Volya.	narodnaya volya,russian revolutionary,ivanovich adreyushkin,pakhomy ivanovich,ivanovich,narodnaya,adreyushkin,member,russian,revolutionary,pakhomy,volya
Francis, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld , was one of the ruling Thuringian dukes of the House of Wettin.	thuringian duke,ruling thuringian,duke,house,saalfeld,coburg,ruling,saxe,thuringian,wettin,francis
Aglia tau, the tau emperor, is a moth of the family Saturniidae.	family saturniidae,tau emperor,family,emperor,moth,aglia,saturniidae
Ewoud Sanders is a Dutch historian of the Dutch language and a journalist.	dutch language,dutch historian,ewoud sanders,dutch,sanders,language,ewoud,journalist,historian
Mathematics and art are related in a variety of ways.	variety,mathematic
The Center for Economic Studies is an independent institute within the Faculty of Economics of the University of Munich .	independent institute,economic studies,economic,university,studies,economics,independent,faculty,institute,center,munich
Anjirebus-e Sofla is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	kermanshah province,babajani county,e babajani,central district,rural district,hor rural,e hor,e sofla,district,province,kermanshah,county,babajani,rural,village,salas
Hada is a surname.	hada,surname
Colours is the second extended play by Canadian recording artist PartyNextDoor.	artist partynextdoor,extended play,second extended,second,artist,extended,canadian,play,colours,partynextdoor
Coleophora griseomixta is a moth of the family Coleophoridae.	family coleophoridae,coleophora griseomixta,griseomixta,family,moth,coleophora,coleophoridae
Noidant-le-Rocheux is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.	eastern france,marne department,eastern,rocheux,north,commune,department,haute,marne,noidant,france
KF Spartaku Tiranë is an Albanian football club based in Zogu Zi, in the capital city Tirana.	city tirana,zogu zi,capital city,football club,albanian football,spartaku tiranë,kf spartaku,spartaku,city,tiranë,capital,albanian,football,zogu,club
Corticotropin-releasing hormone  or corticoliberin; corticotropin may also be spelled corticotrophin) is a peptide hormone involved in the stress response.	stress response,peptide hormone,hormone,stress,corticotrophin,corticoliberin,peptide,response,corticotropin
The Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission was the Congressionally created 14-member federal commission focused on planning and commemorating the 200th birthday of the United States' 16th president on February 12, 2009.	united states,federal commission,bicentennial commission,lincoln bicentennial,abraham lincoln,commission,president,lincoln,states,united,bicentennial,birthday,congressionally
Virlana Tkacz is the founding director of the Yara Arts Group, a resident company at the world-renowned La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club in New York.	new york,theatre club,experimental theatre,mama experimental,la mama,resident company,renowned la,arts group,yara arts,virlana tkacz,tkacz,director,club,yara,theatre,arts,experimental,group,mama
Srebrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,podlaskie voivodeship,łomża county,gmina wizna,administrative district,village,eastern,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,podlaskie,wizna,county
Inter-generational or intergenerational ministry is a model of Christian ministry which emphasizes relationships between age groups and encourages mixed-age activities.	age activity,age group,christian ministry,intergenerational ministry,ministry,generational,intergenerational,group,mixed,model,christian,relationship,inter
Krzówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	eastern poland,lublin voivodeship,łuków county,gmina serokomla,administrative district,village,eastern,administrative,voivodeship,district,lublin,gmina,county,serokomla,łuków
The Cave of Dzhebel is an archeological site in the vicinity of Balkan Region Türkmenbaşy, in Soviet times known as Nebit Dag , in Turkmenistan, on the Krasnovodsk Gulf of the Caspian Sea.	caspian sea,krasnovodsk gulf,nebit dag,soviet time,region türkmenbaşy,balkan region,archeological site,dzhebel,caspian,archeological,gulf,site,krasnovodsk,vicinity,turkmenistan,balkan
Plague 99 is a 1989 novel written by Jean Ure.	novel,jean,plague
Anthonomus signatus, the strawberry bud weevil, is a weevil that is a significant pest of strawberries in North America.	north america,significant pest,bud weevil,strawberry bud,anthonomus signatus,strawberry,weevil,signatus,north,pest,significant,anthonomus,america
Nanae Tanaka is a Japanese fencer.	japanese fencer,nanae tanaka,tanaka,japanese,nanae,fencer
Virginiamycin is a streptogramin antibiotic similar to pristinamycin and quinupristin/dalfopristin.	antibiotic similar,streptogramin antibiotic,streptogramin,quinupristin,antibiotic,pristinamycin,similar,virginiamycin,dalfopristin
The men's 3000 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9–11.	indoor championships,world indoor,iaaf world,metre event,metre,championships,event,indoor,iaaf,world,march
Lamine Diack is a Senegalese businessman, sports administrator, and former athlete.	sport administrator,senegalese businessman,lamine diack,diack,administrator,senegalese,sport,businessman,lamine,athlete
ZC Excess Futsal Club was a Maltese futsal club based in Bidnija, last time known as Excess RP Bidnija after a merger with another local club RP Bidnija in 2011.	rp bidnija,futsal club,local club,club rp,maltese futsal,excess rp,excess futsal,zc excess,club,excess,bidnija,futsal,merger,local,time,maltese
Nispal Singh is a producer in Tollywood.	singh,producer,nispal,tollywood
Terry Watkinson is an artist, painter, illustrator, and musician.	watkinson,illustrator,artist,painter,terry,musician
John Caius , also known as Johannes Caius and Ioannes Caius, was an English physician, and second founder of the present Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.	caius college,present gonville,second founder,english physician,ioannes caius,johannes caius,john caius,caius,college,second,founder,physician,present,english,gonville,cambridge,john
Gregory Jay Leon is a Los Angeles hard rock guitarist notable for his stints in Quiet Riot and Dokken.	quiet riot,guitarist notable,rock guitarist,hard rock,angeles hard,los angeles,jay leon,gregory jay,riot,leon,quiet,stint,angeles,notable,hard,guitarist
Leben des Orest is a grand opera in five acts with words and music both by Ernst Krenek.	ernst krenek,grand opera,orest,ernst,grand,music,opera,word,leben,krenek
The cruise missiles strike on Iraq in June 1993 were ordered by U.S. President Bill Clinton as both a retaliation and a warning triggered by the attempted assassination by alleged Iraqi agents on former U.S. President George H. W. Bush while on a visit to Kuwait from 14–16 April 1993.	u.s. president,w. bush,bill clinton,h. w.,president bill,george h.,iraqi agent,president george,missile strike,cruise missile,u.s.,president,kuwait,missile,visit,strike,bush,iraq,warning
Rebecca Levene is a British author and editor.	british author,rebecca levene,levene,author,british,rebecca,editor
The Mesozoic–Cenozoic Radiation is the third major extended increase in biodiversity in the Phanerozoic, after the Cambrian Explosion and the Great Ordovician Biodiversification Event.	biodiversification event,ordovician biodiversification,great ordovician,extended increase,cambrian explosion,major extended,cenozoic radiation,cenozoic,biodiversification,radiation,ordovician,major,great,extended,explosion,increase,cambrian
Vadim Mitryakov is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League .	hockey league,kontinental hockey,metallurg novokuznetsk,ice hockey,professional ice,russian professional,vadim mitryakov,hockey,mitryakov,russian,professional,novokuznetsk,metallurg,kontinental,vadim,league
HMQS Otter was launched in 1884 and served as a patrol vessel that served with the Queensland Maritime Defence Force and Commonwealth Naval Forces.	naval forces,commonwealth naval,defence force,maritime defence,queensland maritime,patrol vessel,hmqs otter,otter,naval,patrol,commonwealth,vessel,force,queensland,defence,maritime,hmqs
Abdullah Ibn Humaid, also known as Abdullah bin Muhammad bin Humaid was the Chief Justice of Saudi Arabia and Imam of the Great Mosque of Mecca.	great mosque,saudi arabia,chief justice,bin humaid,muhammad bin,bin muhammad,abdullah bin,ibn humaid,abdullah ibn,humaid,abdullah,mosque,great,imam,arabia,saudi,justice,chief
Rozhanovce ) is a village in Košice-okolie District of eastern Slovakia.	eastern slovakia,okolie district,village,eastern,košice,district,okolie,rozhanovce,slovakia
In 2002 AlmaFame records released a Shillelagh Sisters album, titled "Sham’Rock and Roll", which included some of the band's demos, live performances and tracks from Tyrannical Mex album.	mex album,tyrannical mex,sisters album,live performance,shillelagh sisters,almafame record,album,record,shillelagh,live,demo,performance,sisters,band,track,roll
The year 2003 was the 222nd year of the Rattanakosin Kingdom of Thailand.	kingdom,rattanakosin,year,thailand
Education in Albania for primary, secondary, and tertiary levels are mostly supported by the state.	albania,level,primary,tertiary,secondary,education,state
Kiranmala is an Indian Bengali language television series which aired on Star Jalsha from 4 August 2014 to 19 November 2016..	star jalsha,television series,language television,bengali language,indian bengali,indian,august,bengali,jalsha,language,star,television,series,kiranmala,november
The 1992–93 season was the 91st in the history of the Western Football League.	football league,western football,football,history,western,season,league
Pumpkin Scissors is a manga created and authored by Ryotaro Iwanaga.	ryotaro iwanaga,pumpkin scissors,scissors,ryotaro,manga,pumpkin,iwanaga
Archibald McBryde was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina.	north carolina,congressional representative,archibald mcbryde,mcbryde,north,congressional,representative,archibald,carolina
Graduate were an English new wave and mod revival musical group formed in 1978, in Bath, England.	musical group,revival musical,new wave,english new,english,bath,group,wave,musical,revival,graduate,england
Aulakh is a small village in Punjab, India.	small,punjab,village,aulakh,india
Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture , an architecture firm and design firm based in Chicago, is engaged in the design and development of energy-efficient and sustainable architecture.	sustainable architecture,design firm,architecture firm,gill architecture,gordon gill,adrian smith,architecture,design,firm,smith,gordon,gill,energy,efficient,development,sustainable
Monthurel is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.	northern france,aisne department,commune,france,aisne,department,hauts,monthurel,northern
Amata phaeobasis is a moth of the family Erebidae.	family erebidae,amata phaeobasis,phaeobasis,family,moth,amata,erebidae
Charles Elzer Loudermilk , known professionally as Charlie Louvin, was an American country music singer and songwriter.	music singer,country music,american country,charlie louvin,elzer loudermilk,charles elzer,elzer,singer,loudermilk,music,charlie,country,louvin,american,charles,songwriter
Mohammadabad-e Tang Seh Riz is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	ahmad province,ahmad county,central district,rural district,shomali rural,e shomali,seh riz,tang seh,district,ahmad,boyer,tang,province,village,sarrud
Ronald Baxter Henry was an American professional baseball player.	baseball player,professional baseball,american professional,baxter henry,ronald baxter,baxter,baseball,henry,professional,american,ronald,player
Under Cover is a 1987 film directed by John Stockwell and starring David Neidorf and Jennifer Jason Leigh.	jason leigh,jennifer jason,david neidorf,john stockwell,film,jason,john,jennifer,stockwell,neidorf,david,cover,leigh
Ukraine participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 October to 18 October 2018.	buenos aires,youth olympics,summer youth,summer,youth,olympics,buenos,aires,argentina,october,ukraine
Pinus balfouriana, the foxtail pine, is a rare high-elevation pine that is endemic to California, United States.	united states,elevation pine,rare high,foxtail pine,pinus balfouriana,pine,united,balfouriana,california,foxtail,endemic,high,rare,elevation,states
The Way To Save Ourselves is an EP by None the Less which was released on 25 May 2009.	none
This is an incomplete list of front projection CRT video projectors.	video projector,crt video,projection crt,incomplete list,list,video,projection,incomplete,projector
The Fall River Astros was an American soccer club based in Fall River, Massachusetts that was a member of the American Soccer League.	fall river,river astros,american soccer,soccer club,soccer league,soccer,american,river,club,fall,member,massachusetts,astros,league
Pleasant Valley Township is one of twenty-three townships in Jo Daviess County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 273 and it contained 157 housing units.	housing unit,daviess county,jo daviess,valley township,pleasant valley,township,housing,population,valley,census,illinois,county,daviess
Göldenitz is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	municipality,holstein,district,schleswig,lauenburg,göldenitz,germany
Prionapteryx nebulifera, the clouded veneer moth, is a moth in the Crambidae family.	crambidae family,veneer moth,clouded veneer,prionapteryx nebulifera,moth,nebulifera,crambidae,clouded,veneer,prionapteryx,family
Preserje ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Braslovče in northern Slovenia.	northern slovenia,small settlement,small,northern,settlement,braslovče,municipality,preserje,slovenia
The Army Group Rupprecht of Bavaria or Army Group A was an Army Group of the German Army, which operated on the Western Front under command of Rupprecht, Crown Prince of Bavaria , between 28 August 1916 and 11 November 1918 during World War I. It was formed from the short-lived Army Group Gallwitz under Max von Gallwitz .	army group,group rupprecht,group a,german army,von gallwitz,western front,crown prince,max von,war i.,world war,army,group,bavaria,rupprecht,gallwitz,world,november,august,front
Kingi Areta Keiha was a New Zealand law clerk, interpreter, soldier, Maori welfare officer and farmer.	welfare officer,law clerk,maori welfare,zealand law,new zealand,areta keiha,kingi areta,areta,officer,keiha,welfare,maori,zealand,soldier,interpreter
Khallar is a village in the Daryapur taluka of Amravati district in Amravati division of Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state in India.	maharashtra state,vidarbha region,amravati division,amravati district,daryapur taluka,amravati,state,village,maharashtra,daryapur,region,taluka,vidarbha,division,india
Girl Imagined by Chance is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen, published in 2002 by Fiction Collective Two.	fiction collective,lance olsen,postmodern novel,chance,fiction,postmodern,olsen,novel,lance,girl,collective
Only a Pawn in Their Game is a song written by Bob Dylan about the assassination of civil rights activist Medgar Evers.	medgar evers,activist medgar,right activist,civil right,bob dylan,-PRON- game,-PRON-,medgar,game,activist,song,right,civil,dylan,assassination
Giorgi Gakhokidze is a former Georgian footballer.	georgian footballer,giorgi gakhokidze,gakhokidze,georgian,giorgi,footballer
The Collection: Story Op.2 is the second compilation album by South Korean singer-songwriter Jonghyun and the last album released during Jonghyun's lifetime, being released on April 24, 2017, by S.M. Entertainment, following his first compilation album Story Op.1.	compilation album,songwriter jonghyun,korean singer,south korean,s.m. entertainment,album story,second compilation,story,album,jonghyun,compilation,april,s.m.,singer,korean,lifetime
Gary Burrell is an American businessman and philanthropist.	american businessman,gary burrell,burrell,businessman,american,gary,philanthropist
Hurling , the Gaelic sport, is a prominent feature in popular culture.	popular culture,prominent feature,gaelic sport,gaelic,popular,sport,feature,prominent,hurling,culture
Bahama was a 74-gun ship of the line of the Spanish Navy.	ship,spanish,line,bahama,navy
Indirect presidential elections were held in Brazil on 25 October 1969.	presidential election,indirect presidential,presidential,brazil,election,indirect,october
Arthur Good was a French engineer, science educator, author and caricaturist who used the pen name Tom Tit.	tom tit,science educator,french engineer,arthur good,good,french,engineer,caricaturist,science,author,educator,arthur
A Peroxa is a municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	west spain,galicia region,municipality,west,province,north,ourense,region,galicia,peroxa,spain
Anouk Teeuwe ; born 8 April 1975), professionally known by the mononym Anouk, is a Dutch singer-songwriter and record producer.	record producer,dutch singer,mononym anouk,anouk teeuwe,anouk,record,songwriter,singer,dutch,april,teeuwe,mononym,producer
Political globalization refers to the growth of the worldwide political system, both in size and complexity.	political system,worldwide political,political globalization,political,size,system,growth,globalization,worldwide,complexity
The Military Writers Society of America, also known as the MWSA, is non-profit, 5013 association of authors, poets, and artists, many of whom are U.S. military veterans or family members of veterans.	family member,military veteran,writers society,u.s. military,military writers,military,veteran,profit,association,mwsa,author,america,poet,society
T. T. V. Dhinakaran is an Indian politician and the Member of Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Dr.	legislative assembly,nadu legislative,indian politician,tamil nadu,v. dhinakaran,t. v.,t. t.,assembly,legislative,nadu,tamil,member,politician,indian,dhinakaran
Pearl Harbor National Memorial is a unit of the National Park System of the United States on the island of Oahu, Hawaii.	united states,park system,national memorial,national park,harbor national,pearl harbor,national,oahu,island,states,harbor,united,system,park,memorial,unit
Echigo-Horinouchi Station is a railway station on the Jōetsu Line in Uonuma, Niigata, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company .	railway company,japan railway,jōetsu line,east japan,railway station,horinouchi station,japan,railway,station,horinouchi,uonuma,line,niigata,jōetsu,echigo,east
Mitsue, also spelled Mitsuye in older transcriptions, is a Japanese given name and toponym.	mitsuye,japanese,transcription,mitsue,toponym
Yuanli is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration West Coast line located in Yuanli Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.	miaoli county,yuanli township,coast line,west coast,administration west,railways administration,taiwan railways,railway station,yuanli,taiwan,west,administration,coast,miaoli,railways,line,township,county
August 29 - Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar - August 31	liturgical calendar,orthodox liturgical,eastern orthodox,august,eastern,orthodox,liturgical,calendar
All fixed commemorations below are observed on September 12 by Eastern Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.For August 30th, Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar commemorate the Saints listed on August 17.	orthodox churches,old calendar,eastern orthodox,orthodox,calendar,august,september,eastern,churches,saints,commemoration
Basil Salvador Valdez is a Filipino balladeer.	filipino balladeer,salvador valdez,basil salvador,salvador,filipino,valdez,basil,balladeer
Ranil Gemunu Abeynaike was a Sri Lankan cricketer.	lankan cricketer,sri lankan,gemunu abeynaike,ranil gemunu,gemunu,lankan,abeynaike,ranil,cricketer
Chandralingam Sukirthan is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and provincial councillor.	provincial councillor,tamil politician,lankan tamil,sri lankan,chandralingam sukirthan,sukirthan,provincial,politician,lankan,tamil,chandralingam,councillor
The 2012 Honolulu Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.	hard court,tennis tournament,professional tennis,honolulu challenger,challenger,hard,professional,tournament,tennis,honolulu,court
Baby Boom is a Singaporean TV series aired on MediaCorp Channel 8 in 2003.	mediacorp channel,tv series,singaporean tv,baby boom,boom,mediacorp,singaporean,series,baby,channel
Robert "Bob" Moore (c.	moore,robert
In Christianity, the gospel (Greek: εὐαγγέλιον, translit.	gospel,εὐαγγέλιον,greek,christianity,translit
Tiempo Perfecto is the first album released by Mexican rock band, Coda.	rock band,mexican rock,tiempo perfecto,perfecto,band,album,rock,mexican,tiempo,coda
Ctenanthe is a genus of flowering plants of the family Marantaceae described as a genus in 1884.	genus,family,plant,marantaceae,ctenanthe
Macrobathra vexillariata is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.	family cosmopterigidae,macrobathra vexillariata,vexillariata,family,moth,macrobathra,cosmopterigidae
Jamali Kamali Mosque and Tomb, located in the Archaeological Village complex in Mehrauli, Delhi, India, comprise two monuments adjacent to each other; one is the mosque and the other is the tomb of two persons with the names Jamali and Kamali.	name jamali,monument adjacent,village complex,archaeological village,kamali mosque,jamali kamali,mosque,tomb,mehrauli,delhi,complex,india,monument,village,jamali,name
Until January 1, 2007 Tranekær municipality was a municipality in the former Funen County on the island of Langeland in south-central Denmark.	central denmark,funen county,tranekær municipality,municipality,central,south,tranekær,langeland,island,county,funen,denmark,january
Matthew Beveridge is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player.	hockey player,ice hockey,professional ice,retired professional,canadian retired,matthew beveridge,beveridge,hockey,canadian,retired,professional,matthew,player
A list of films produced in France in 1959.	film,list,france
Otbert of Liège was bishop of Liège at the end of the eleventh century .	liège,eleventh,century,otbert,bishop
Stephen Jones is a Barbadian hurdler.	barbadian hurdler,stephen jones,jones,barbadian,stephen,hurdler
Allan Gerard MacMaster is a Canadian politician.	canadian politician,gerard macmaster,allan gerard,gerard,canadian,macmaster,allan,politician
Darling, Je Vous Aime Beaucoup is a popular song with words and music by Anna Sosenko in 1935.	anna sosenko,popular song,aime beaucoup,vous aime,je vous,anna,vous,music,aime,word,beaucoup,song,popular,darling
The following is a complete list of songs recorded or played live by the German punk rock band Die Ärzte, Farin Urlaub, Farin Urlaub Racing Team and the German musician Bela B..	bela b,farin urlaub,musician bela,racing team,german musician,urlaub racing,die ärzte,band die,rock band,punk rock,german,list,bela,song,musician,ärzte,farin,band,urlaub
The papal conclave of 1700 was convened following the death of Pope Innocent XII. It ended in the election of Giovanni Albani as Pope Clement XI. The conclave saw a rise in the dominance of the zelanti faction College of Cardinals.	faction college,clement xi,zelanti faction,pope clement,giovanni albani,innocent xii,pope innocent,papal conclave,conclave,pope,college,faction,zelanti,dominance,election,rise,giovanni
Georges Politzer ; 3 May 1903 – 23 May 1942) was a French philosopher and Marxist theoretician of Hungarian Jewish origin, affectionately referred to by some as the "red-headed philosopher" .	jewish origin,hungarian jewish,marxist theoretician,french philosopher,georges politzer,philosopher,politzer,hungarian,jewish,theoretician,origin,marxist,french
The Förster Cliffs are a set of cliffs located east-northeast of Stark Point, running east-west for 2 nautical miles and rising to 550 metres in northern James Ross Island.	ross island,james ross,nautical mile,northern james,stark point,förster cliffs,east,ross,cliffs,james,northern,metre,mile,nautical,cliff
Lauriston Castle stands on a clifftop site near the Aberdeenshire village of St Cyrus and just over a mile inland from the North Sea coast of Scotland.	sea coast,st cyrus,north sea,aberdeenshire village,clifftop site,lauriston castle,castle,coast,clifftop,site,north,aberdeenshire,mile,village,cyrus
A monetized installment sale is a special type of installment sale whereby a seller of appreciated assets attempts to defer U.S. Federal income tax liability over a period of years while currently receiving cash or other liquid assets via a monetization transaction, such as a loan.	monetization transaction,tax liability,liquid asset,installment sale,income tax,federal income,u.s. federal,special type,asset attempt,appreciated asset,asset,installment,sale,transaction,liability,income,period,monetization,federal
Richard Yates was an English cleric and antiquary.	english cleric,richard yates,yates,cleric,english,richard,antiquary
Black Hammer is an American ongoing comic series created by writer Jeff Lemire and artist Dean Ormston, published by Dark Horse Comics.	horse comics,dean ormston,dark horse,artist dean,jeff lemire,comic series,writer jeff,ongoing comic,american ongoing,black hammer,hammer,horse,american,dark,ongoing,ormston,comic,dean,series,artist
Argyroeides placida is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.	subfamily arctiinae,argyroeide placida,placida,subfamily,moth,argyroeide,arctiinae
Karelian Research Centre of RAS — federal public budgetary institution Karelian Research Centre of the Russian Academy of Sciences based in Petrozavodsk.	karelian research,research centre,federal public,public budgetary,budgetary institution,institution karelian,russian academy,centre,sciences,academy,russian,budgetary,public,institution,karelian,federal,research
USS Mahoning County was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Like many of her class, she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.	hull designation,war ii,world war,states navy,landing ship,united states,tank landing,mahoning county,uss mahoning,mahoning,hull,county,class,tank,landing,world
Events in the year 1875 in Argentina.	year,event,argentina
Gener8Xion Entertainment, Inc.	entertainment,inc.
Villard-sur-Bienne is a former commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.	eastern france,comté region,jura department,eastern,bienne,region,commune,comté,jura,franche,department,bourgogne
Jan Macaré  was an acting Dutch Governor of Ceylon during an interregnum from 7 June 1736 until 23 July 1736.	dutch governor,acting dutch,jan macaré,macaré,june,acting,interregnum,dutch,ceylon,governor,july
Camille Rankine is an American poet.	american poet,camille rankine,rankine,american,camille,poet
This is a complete list of the Presidents of Vincent's Club at Oxford University.	oxford university,complete list,list,oxford,president,club,vincent,complete,university
The 1974 Hawaii gubernatorial election was Hawaii's fifth gubernatorial election.	gubernatorial election,fifth gubernatorial,hawaii gubernatorial,hawaii,gubernatorial,election,fifth
Ficus nota is a species of tree found near water in low altitudes.	low altitude,ficus nota,nota,species,water,tree,ficus,altitude
Émilien-Benoît Bergès is a French road racing cyclist.	racing cyclist,road racing,french road,benoît bergès,benoît,racing,bergès,road,french,émilien,cyclist
Shima Ryū was a Japanese artist and pioneering photographer.	pioneering photographer,japanese artist,shima ryū,pioneering,japanese,artist,shima,photographer
Reverend Jeremiah Cloutier is a fictional character on the HBO prison drama Oz, portrayed by Luke Perry.	luke perry,drama oz,prison drama,hbo prison,fictional character,jeremiah cloutier,reverend jeremiah,jeremiah,luke,cloutier,fictional,drama,character,prison,reverend
Clockwork Angels is the nineteenth and final studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, released on 8 June 2012 on Anthem Records.	anthem records,band rush,rock band,canadian rock,studio album,final studio,clockwork angels,angels,anthem,nineteenth,june,final,rush,studio,band,album,rock
Steven John Rushton is a British solo artist, and formerly co-lead singer bassist for the pop punk band, Son of Dork.	punk band,pop punk,singer bassist,solo artist,lead singer,british solo,john rushton,steven john,john,rushton,band,british,punk,solo,artist,bassist
The Yaqui chub is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae.	family cyprinidae,freshwater fish,yaqui chub,chub,family,species,fish,freshwater,yaqui,cyprinidae
The New Zealand cricket team toured Sri Lanka in 1987, with the intention of playing three test matches and three one day internationals.	day international,test match,sri lanka,cricket team,zealand cricket,new zealand,zealand,cricket,match,team,test,intention,lanka
Norwest United AFC is a semi-professional association football club in Auckland, New Zealand.	new zealand,football club,association football,professional association,united afc,norwest united,united,auckland,semi,club,professional,football,association,norwest
Yisi Mahalleh is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	golestan province,gorgan county,central district,rural district,roshanabad rural,yisi mahalleh,district,mahalleh,province,village,golestan,roshanabad,county,rural,gorgan,yisi
Greek National Road 16 is a single carriageway road in northern Greece.	northern greece,carriageway road,single carriageway,national road,greek national,road,national,northern,single,carriageway,greek,greece
The Bathers are a Scottish chamber pop band.	pop band,chamber pop,scottish chamber,scottish,chamber,bathers,band
Cristina Tessi is a former professional tennis player from Argentina.	tennis player,professional tennis,cristina tessi,tessi,player,professional,tennis,cristina,argentina
This page contains lists of reptiles found in the Reserva de la Biosfera Manantlan which straddles the states of Colima and Jalisco, in Mexico.	biosfera manantlan,reserva de,list,jalisco,reptile,colima,reserva,state,manantlan,biosfera,page
Bathymunida ocularis is a species of squat lobster in the family Munididae.	family munididae,squat lobster,bathymunida ocularis,ocularis,family,species,lobster,squat,bathymunida,munididae
Luka Paskalis Primojević was an early 16th-century Ragusan noble man and chancellor.	noble man,ragusan noble,century ragusan,paskalis primojević,luka paskalis,paskalis,primojević,noble,early,ragusan,century,luka,chancellor
The concepts of space stations and habitats are common in modern culture.	modern culture,space station,space,modern,station,common,habitat,concept,culture
Evan McMillan is an Irish football coach and former player.	football coach,irish football,evan mcmillan,mcmillan,coach,irish,football,evan,player
Dave Middendorf is a former American football guard.	football guard,american football,dave middendorf,middendorf,football,american,dave,guard
Platycholeus is a genus of small carrion beetles in the family Leiodidae.	family leiodidae,carrion beetle,small carrion,genus,family,small,beetle,carrion,platycholeus,leiodidae
Marek Daćko is a Polish handball player for NMC Górnik Zabrze and the Polish national team.He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.	handball championship,national team,world men,polish national,górnik zabrze,nmc górnik,handball player,polish handball,marek daćko,handball,polish,daćko,world,górnik,team,player,zabrze
Niccolo Tornioli was an Italian painter.	italian painter,niccolo tornioli,tornioli,italian,niccolo,painter
Leeches are segmented parasitic or predatory worms that belong to the phylum Annelida and comprise the subclass Hirudinea.	subclass hirudinea,phylum annelida,predatory worm,parasitic,subclass,predatory,annelida,worm,phylum,leech,hirudinea
In category theory, a branch of mathematics, a pulation square is a diagram that is simultaneously a pullback square and a pushout square.	pushout square,pullback square,pulation square,category theory,square,theory,branch,mathematic,pulation,diagram,pullback,category,pushout
The Leipzig War Crimes Trials were a series of trials held in 1921 to try alleged German war criminals of the First World War before the German Reichsgericht in Leipzig, as part of the penalties imposed on the German government under the Treaty of Versailles.	german government,german reichsgericht,world war,first world,war criminal,crimes trial,german war,war crimes,leipzig war,german,trial,leipzig,treaty,government,first,criminal,world,crimes
Euriphene duseni, or Dusen's nymph, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.	family nymphalidae,euriphene duseni,duseni,family,dusen,butterfly,nymph,euriphene,nymphalidae
Nonsan ) is a city in South Chungcheong Province, South Korea.	south korea,chungcheong province,south chungcheong,south,city,chungcheong,province,nonsan,korea
Lorwok is a settlement in Kenya's Baringo County.	settlement,baringo,kenya,lorwok,county
The Independent Institute is an American think tank based in Oakland, California.	think tank,american think,independent institute,institute,oakland,american,tank,think,independent,california
The Nissan Diesel RN is a one-step light-duty bus produced by the Japanese manufacturer Nissan Diesel from 1996 until 2003.	nissan diesel,diesel rn,step light,duty bus,japanese manufacturer,manufacturer nissan,nissan,diesel,step,light,duty,japanese,manufacturer
Orchestes alni is a species of weevil native to Europe.	weevil native,orcheste alni,alni,native,species,weevil,orcheste,europe
Plaster is a Canadian electro-jazz/electro-rock band formed in 2001 in Montreal.	rock band,canadian electro,electro,band,canadian,rock,montreal,plaster,jazz
Continental Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Nevada.Continental Lake was named by a group of early settlers who had embarked on a trans-continental journey.	continental lake,u.s. state,continental journey,early settler,continental,lake,settler,early,trans,state,nevada,group,u.s.,journey
Monte Castello di Vibio is a comune in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 30 km south of Perugia.	region umbria,italian region,monte castello,perugia,castello,vibio,comune,province,region,umbria,italian,monte
Cordell Barker is a Canadian animator based in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	canadian animator,cordell barker,barker,winnipeg,canadian,animator,cordell,manitoba
Oscar Chu is the chairman of U1 Technology.	oscar chu,chairman,oscar,technology
State Route 73 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, connecting the Rush and Utah Valleys.	utah valleys,u.s. state,state highway,state route,state,utah,highway,u.s.,rush,valleys,route
The solar neutrino problem concerned a large discrepancy between the flux of solar neutrinos as predicted from the Sun's luminosity and measured directly.	solar neutrino,neutrino problem,large discrepancy,neutrino,discrepancy,large,flux,solar,problem,luminosity
Artemis Joukowsky III is an American director, author, producer and disabilities activist.	disability activist,american director,joukowsky iii,artemis joukowsky,joukowsky,disability,producer,american,author,director,artemis,activist
Å is a village in Ibestad Municipality in Troms county, Norway.	troms county,ibestad municipality,village,county,ibestad,troms,municipality,norway
Alfred M. G. Smairl best known as Alf Smairl, was a rugby union player who represented Australia.	union player,rugby union,alf smairl,g. smairl,m. g.,alfred m.,smairl,player,union,rugby,australia,alfred
Michael P. Jacobson is the founder and director of the Institute for State and Local Governance at the City University of New York .	new york,city university,local governance,p. jacobson,michael p.,jacobson,university,founder,city,director,governance,institute,local
Tom Valenti is the owner and Executive Chef of Oxbow Tavern on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.	west side,upper west,oxbow tavern,executive chef,tom valenti,valenti,side,owner,west,executive,upper,chef,tavern,oxbow
Stoszów  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	western poland,silesian voivodeship,low silesian,dzierżoniów county,gmina łagiewniki,administrative district,village,western,administrative,south,district,voivodeship,gmina,silesian,łagiewniki
United States Council for Automotive Research LLC is an umbrella organization for collaborative research that comprises Chrysler Group LLC, Ford Motor Company and General Motors.	general motors,motor company,ford motor,group llc,collaborative research,chrysler group,umbrella organization,research llc,automotive research,states council,research,general,states,company,council,motor,automotive,ford,organization
NTV News is a television channel in Nepal, with a focus on news.	television channel,ntv news,news,channel,nepal,television,focus
Joakim Nyström was the defending champion of the singles event at the ABN World Tennis Tournament but lost in the second round.	second round,tennis tournament,world tennis,abn world,single event,joakim nyström,nyström,second,champion,tournament,single,tennis,event,world,joakim
Spartocera fusca is a species of leaf-footed bug in the family Coreidae.	family coreidae,footed bug,spartocera fusca,fusca,family,species,leaf,footed,spartocera,coreidae
Volva is a genus of sea snails, specifically cowry allies or ovulids, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ovulidae.	family ovulidae,gastropod molluscs,marine gastropod,cowry ally,sea snail,genus,family,molluscs,snail,gastropod,cowry,marine,ally,ovulid
Miss Moldova is a national beauty pageant responsible for selecting Moldova's representative to the Miss World pageant.	world pageant,pageant responsible,miss world,beauty pageant,national beauty,miss moldova,moldova,pageant,miss,beauty,national,world,responsible,representative
Olajide Aluko was a Nigerian scholar who mostly favored Hans Morgenthau's view of realistic foreign policy in his studies of Nigeria and Africa's foreign policy.	foreign policy,realistic foreign,hans morgenthau,nigerian scholar,olajide aluko,foreign,aluko,nigerian,scholar,hans,morgenthau,view,study,nigeria,realistic
Jejomar Binay^ ^ served as the 15th Vice President of the Philippines, serving under President Benigno Aquino III. He was a presidential candidate in the 2016 Philippine presidential election.	presidential election,presidential candidate,philippine presidential,aquino iii,benigno aquino,vice president,president benigno,binay^ ^,jejomar binay^,presidential,president,binay^,vice,benigno,aquino,candidate
The 1983 All Japan Endurance Championship was the inaugural season of the All Japan Sports Prototype Championship.	prototype championship,sports prototype,japan sports,all japan,inaugural season,endurance championship,japan endurance,japan,championship,season,inaugural,sports,prototype,endurance
Pakota was a 19th-century Apache/Yuma/Yavapai leader.	yavapai leader,century apache,yavapai,century,yuma,apache,pakota,leader
IVUmed is a nonprofit organization based in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA. IVUmed , incorporated in 1995, is the only nonprofit organization worldwide dedicated to teaching urology in developing countries.	nonprofit organization,lake city,salt lake,organization,urology,utah,city,lake,ivumed,nonprofit,salt,country
Nathalie Kovanko was a Russian-born film actress of the silent era.	silent era,film actress,nathalie kovanko,kovanko,silent,russian,actress,film,nathalie
The Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team represents Bosnia and Herzegovina in international basketball games and competitions.	basketball game,international basketball,basketball team,herzegovina national,basketball,herzegovina,game,team,bosnia,national,international,competition
Borna Miklić is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Varaždin, on loan from Dinamo Zagreb.	dinamo zagreb,professional footballer,croatian professional,borna miklić,miklić,dinamo,croatian,loan,professional,varaždin,footballer,forward,borna,zagreb
Perfect Gentleman is a song and a single made by the German power metal band Helloween taken from the album Master of the Rings.	album master,band helloween,metal band,power metal,german power,perfect gentleman,gentleman,master,song,album,single,helloween,german,band,power,metal
The Glenn Shale is a geologic formation in Alaska.	geologic formation,glenn shale,shale,formation,geologic,glenn,alaska
Pat Paterson was an English film actress.	film actress,english film,pat paterson,paterson,film,english,actress
Lois V Vierk is a post-minimalist or totalist composer who lives in New York City.	york city,new york,totalist composer,v vierk,lois v,york,vierk,post,composer,minimalist,totalist,lois,city
Bjørn Kjellemyr is a Norwegian jazz musician , known from a variety of musical contexts like Terje Rypdal & The Chasers, Joe Henderson, Bob Berg, Chet Baker, Art Farmer, Pat Metheny, Mike Stern, Dag Arnesen, Knut Riisnæs, Jon Eberson, Bugge Wesseltoft, Audun Kleive, Jon Balke, Jan Gunnar Hoff and Ketil Bjørnstad.	ketil bjørnstad,gunnar hoff,jan gunnar,jon balke,audun kleive,bugge wesseltoft,jon eberson,knut riisnæs,dag arnesen,mike stern,kjellemyr,ketil,norwegian,hoff,jazz,musician,gunnar,variety,musical
Simon "Si" Ramo was an American engineer, businessman, and author.	businessman,ramo,engineer,american,simon,author
The 2007 Calgary Stampeders season was the 50th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 69th overall.	football league,canadian football,stampeders season,calgary stampeders,season,stampeders,league,football,canadian,team,overall,calgary
Henry Braid Wilson, Jr.	braid wilson,henry braid,braid,wilson,henry
The Bird-catcher or Fowler and the Blackbird was one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 193 in the Perry Index.	catcher,perry,fowler,fables,blackbird,aesop,bird,index
Robert Bruce Ford was a Canadian politician and businessman who served as the 64th Mayor of Toronto from 2010 to 2014.	canadian politician,bruce ford,robert bruce,bruce,mayor,ford,canadian,businessman,politician,robert,toronto
Romeo y Julieta cigarettes is a Cuban brand of cigarettes, currently owned by the Franco-Spanish company Altadis, a subsidiary of Imperial Tobacco and manufactured by Habanos SA and BrasCuba.	habanos sa,imperial tobacco,company altadis,spanish company,cuban brand,julieta cigarette,cigarette,habanos,tobacco,imperial,julieta,subsidiary,altadis,company,spanish
Berra Tor is a granite tor on the south western edge of Dartmoor.	western edge,south western,granite tor,berra tor,edge,western,south,dartmoor,berra,granite
Lipanimal is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	eastern nepal,narayani zone,bara district,development committee,village development,town,eastern,village,south,development,zone,committee,narayani,bara,district
Brazilosaurus is an extinct genus of mesosaur which lived during the early Permian of what is now Brazil.	early permian,extinct genus,extinct,permian,genus,early,mesosaur,brazilosaurus,brazil
Arashi (嵐, lit.	arashi
Rosemary Godin is a former Canadian politician and current writer and Christian minister.	christian minister,current writer,canadian politician,rosemary godin,godin,christian,canadian,writer,politician,current,rosemary,minister
Thüringenhausen is a municipality in the district Kyffhäuserkreis, in Thuringia, Germany.	municipality,thuringia,district,kyffhäuserkreis,thüringenhausen,germany
Thomas Lennox Frederick was an officer in the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary Wars.	revolutionary wars,french revolutionary,american war,royal navy,lennox frederick,thomas lennox,lennox,revolutionary,frederick,french,officer,independence,royal,navy,american
Sopwell Priory was built c.	priory,sopwell
Robert J. O'Neill is a former United States Navy sailor.	navy sailor,states navy,united states,j. o'neill,robert j.,navy,o'neill,states,united,robert,sailor
The Fotoș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.	olt river,fotoș river,river,tributary,fotoș,romania
Eva Gonzalès was a French Impressionist painter.	impressionist painter,french impressionist,eva gonzalès,gonzalès,impressionist,french,painter
Orange Farm is a township located approximately 45 km from Johannesburg, Gauteng Province, South Africa.	south africa,gauteng province,orange farm,farm,south,township,province,gauteng,johannesburg,orange,africa
Chaenophryne is a genus of dreamers .	genus,chaenophryne,dreamer
Isaak Stanislaus Gorerazvo Mudenge was a Zimbabwean politician who served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1995 to 2005 and as Minister of Higher Education from 2005 to 2012.	higher education,foreign affairs,zimbabwean politician,gorerazvo mudenge,stanislaus gorerazvo,isaak stanislaus,minister,stanislaus,gorerazvo,mudenge,higher,zimbabwean,politician,government,zimbabwe,foreign
Tim Twietmeyer is an Auburn, California-based ultramarathon runner and an engineering manager at Hewlett Packard, in Roseville in the U.S. state of California.	u.s. state,hewlett packard,engineering manager,ultramarathon runner,tim twietmeyer,california,twietmeyer,auburn,hewlett,manager,packard,engineering,roseville,runner,u.s.
The 1900 Kentucky State College Blue and White football team represented Kentucky State College—now known as the University of Kentucky—during the 1900 college football season.	kentucky state,state college,college blue,football team,white football,football season,college football,college,football,kentucky,white,blue,team,state,university,season
Martholme is a grade I listed medieval manor house standing on the banks of the River Calder 1 1⁄4 miles from Great Harwood, Lancashire, England and 5 miles north-east of Blackburn.	mile north,great harwood,river calder,manor house,medieval manor,mile,grade,east,medieval,manor,house,bank,north,river,harwood
Judges are a type of race official used during the running of sailing races run under the Racing Rules of Sailing.	racing rules,sailing race,race official,race,sailing,type,official,racing,running,rules,judge
Sutonocrea lobifer is a moth in the family Erebidae.	moth,family,sutonocrea,erebidae
Syndal South Primary School is situated in the suburb of Mount Waverley, Victoria, east of the city of Melbourne.	mount waverley,primary school,south primary,syndal south,south,city,primary,east,school,victoria,suburb,waverley,mount,syndal
Peter Howson OBE is a Scottish painter.	scottish painter,howson obe,peter howson,howson,scottish,peter,painter
Ougapia spaldingi is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Rhytididae.	family rhytididae,gastropod mollusk,pulmonate gastropod,terrestrial pulmonate,land snail,ougapia spaldingi,spaldingi,family,species,mollusk,gastropod,land,pulmonate,snail,terrestrial
Kapila is a given name of different individuals in ancient and medieval Indian texts, of which the most well-known is the founder of the Samkhya school of Hindu philosophy.	hindu philosophy,samkhya school,indian text,medieval indian,different individual,different,hindu,individual,school,ancient,samkhya,medieval,founder,indian,text
Parque La Carolina is a 165.5-acre park in the centre of the Quito central business district, bordered by the avenues Río Amazonas, de los Shyris, Naciones Unidas, Eloy Alfaro, and de la República.	la república,de la,eloy alfaro,río amazonas,naciones unidas,business district,avenue río,central business,quito central,avenue,district,business,amazonas,central,shyris,quito,naciones
A Twenty20 International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having T20I status, as determined by the International Cricket Council , and is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket.Hong Kong's first T20I was the second match of group A in the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 against Nepal, which they lost by 80 runs.	icc world,international cricket,group a,cricket match,representative team,second match,hong kong,cricket council,cricket,match,international,nepal,world,group,kong
O. John Coletti is an American automobile engineer.	automobile engineer,american automobile,john coletti,o. john,john,automobile,coletti,american,engineer
Nia Imani Franklin is an American composer and beauty pageant titleholder.	pageant titleholder,beauty pageant,american composer,imani franklin,nia imani,imani,pageant,franklin,beauty,american,composer,titleholder
Cnestrognophos is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	genus,family,moth,cnestrognophos,geometridae
Habronattus hallani is a species of jumping spider in the family Salticidae.	family salticidae,habronattus hallani,hallani,family,species,spider,habronattus,salticidae
Nattriss Point is a rocky headland forming the eastern end of Saunders Island in the South Sandwich Islands.	sandwich islands,south sandwich,saunders island,eastern end,rocky headland,nattriss point,point,sandwich,rocky,south,headland,island,eastern,saunders,nattriss
Dawn, from an Old English verb dagian: "to become day", is the time that marks the beginning of twilight before sunrise.	verb dagian,english verb,old english,twilight,english,beginning,verb,time,dagian,dawn,sunrise
Rimavská Sobota ; Hungarian: Rimaszombat, German: Großsteffelsdorf) is a town in southern Slovakia, in the Banská Bystrica Region, on the Rimava river.	rimava river,bystrica region,banská bystrica,southern slovakia,rimavská sobota,sobota,rimava,hungarian,region,rimaszombat,bystrica,german,banská,großsteffelsdorf,slovakia
Le pauvre matelot is a three-act opera composed by Darius Milhaud with libretto by Jean Cocteau.	jean cocteau,darius milhaud,act opera,pauvre matelot,le pauvre,pauvre,jean,matelot,libretto,milhaud,opera,darius,cocteau
Luca Patuelli , nicknamed Lazylegz, is a Canadian b-boy.He was born with Arthrogryposis , a muscle disorder which affects his legs.Patuelli performed at the 2010 Winter Paralympics opening ceremony in Vancouver.He graduated from Concordia University in Montreal with a BComm in 2009.	concordia university,opening ceremony,paralympics opening,muscle disorder,winter paralympics,canadian b,luca patuelli,patuelli,montreal,university,concordia,vancouver,ceremony,opening,arthrogryposis
The Taiwan Film Institute is a foundation in Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan which aims at preserving Taiwanese and Mainland Chinese films.	chinese film,zhongzheng district,mainland chinese,film institute,taiwan film,taiwan,film,zhongzheng,foundation,district,mainland,institute,taipei,taiwanese,chinese
Sławomir Drabik is a Polish speedway rider who has won 1996 Team World Champion title.	champion title,world champion,speedway rider,team world,polish speedway,sławomir drabik,drabik,champion,polish,world,speedway,team,rider,sławomir,title
Hatfield Government Center station is a light rail station on the MAX Blue Line in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	united states,downtown hillsboro,blue line,max blue,rail station,light rail,center station,government center,hatfield government,station,united,government,oregon,hillsboro,downtown,line,center,blue
Clarus Mag Máilin, Irish monk, fl.	irish monk,mag máilin,clarus mag,irish,máilin,clarus,monk
Ouled Deide is a town and commune in Médéa Province, Algeria.	town,province,commune,médéa,deide,algeria
Some Buddhist terms and concepts lack direct translations into English that cover the breadth of the original term.	original term,direct translation,buddhist term,term,translation,english,direct,breadth,concept,original,buddhist
A. Sivaperumal was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly.	legislative assembly,indian politician,a. sivaperumal,sivaperumal,legislative,indian,member,politician,assembly
Sakušak ) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia.	northeastern slovenia,slovene hills,settlement,northeastern,slovene,juršinci,hills,municipality,sakušak,slovenia
Stable Companions is a 1922 British silent sports film directed by Albert Ward and starring Clive Brook, Lillian Hall-Davis and Robert English.	robert english,lillian hall,clive brook,albert ward,sport film,silent sport,british silent,stable companions,companions,robert,british,davis,silent,hall,sport,lillian,film,brook
Erwin Steinhauer is an Austrian actor.	austrian actor,erwin steinhauer,steinhauer,austrian,erwin,actor
Roy Sydney George Hattersley, Baron Hattersley, PC, FRSL is a British Labour politician, author and journalist from Sheffield.	labour politician,baron hattersley,british labour,george hattersley,sydney george,roy sydney,hattersley,journalist,sydney,author,george,politician,labour,british,frsl
Hugh Segal,  is a Canadian political strategist, author, commentator, academic and former senator.	political strategist,canadian political,hugh segal,segal,academic,canadian,commentator,political,author,strategist,hugh,senator
The Short Gurnard was a single-engined two-seat biplane naval fighter, built in the United Kingdom to an Air Ministry specification in 1929.	ministry specification,air ministry,united kingdom,naval fighter,biplane naval,seat biplane,short gurnard,gurnard,ministry,single,seat,kingdom,biplane,united,naval,fighter
The Dreamland Café is the seventh studio album from Christian rock band Mad at the World.	band mad,rock band,christian rock,studio album,seventh studio,dreamland café,café,seventh,band,studio,rock,album,christian,dreamland,world
 European record 	european,record
As of 21 February 2019.
The 2004–05 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season was a near average season, despite beginning unusually early on August 30 with the formation of an early-season tropical depression.	tropical depression,average season,season tropical,near average,cyclone season,ocean cyclone,indian ocean,west indian,season,west,indian,ocean,tropical,cyclone,formation,august,early,near
Christopher Brooke was an English poet, lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1604 and 1626.	english poet,christopher brooke,brooke,house,english,politician,poet,lawyer,christopher,commons
Water Efficiency Labelling and Standard is a labeling scheme initiated by the Australian Government to help Australian households conserve water and money.	australian household,australian government,labeling scheme,efficiency labelling,water efficiency,water,australian,standard,labelling,labeling,scheme,efficiency,household,government,money
Princess Be Careful is a 12 episode anime series, produced by Nomad, that aired on WOWOW from April 12, 2006 to July 19, 2006.	anime series,episode anime,careful,april,episode,wowow,anime,nomad,series,princess,july
Sebastian Cruz is an American professional soccer player who plays for Swope Park Rangers in the United Soccer League via the Sporting Kansas City Academy.	city academy,kansas city,soccer league,sporting kansas,park rangers,united soccer,soccer player,swope park,professional soccer,american professional,soccer,city,cruz,kansas,american,sporting,professional,park,swope,rangers
Robert Francis Goheen was an American academic, president of Princeton University and United States Ambassador to India.	states ambassador,united states,princeton university,american academic,francis goheen,robert francis,francis,ambassador,goheen,states,american,united,academic,university,president,princeton
Cairn Mountain ) is in the Beartooth Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.	u.s. state,beartooth mountains,cairn mountain,mountain,state,beartooth,u.s.,mountains,cairn,montana
Shunta Nakamura is a Japanese football player for Thespakusatsu Gunma.	thespakusatsu gunma,football player,japanese football,shunta nakamura,nakamura,thespakusatsu,japanese,player,football,shunta,gunma
The orbital septum  is a membranous sheet that acts as the anterior boundary of the orbit.	anterior boundary,membranous sheet,orbital septum,septum,boundary,membranous,anterior,sheet,orbital,orbit
The Herend Porcelain Manufactory is a Hungarian manufacturing company, specializing in luxury hand painted and gilded porcelain.	luxury hand,manufacturing company,hungarian manufacturing,porcelain manufactory,herend porcelain,porcelain,manufacturing,company,hungarian,luxury,manufactory,hand,herend
Atlantic University School Of Medicine was an offshore private medical school located in St.Lucia and then St.	medical school,private medical,offshore private,university school,atlantic university,school,lucia,university,offshore,private,medicine,medical,atlantic
TestU01 is a software library, implemented in the ANSI C language, that offers a collection of utilities for the empirical randomness testing of random number generators .	number generator,random number,randomness testing,c language,empirical randomness,ansi c,software library,software,number,library,random,ansi,testing,randomness,language,empirical
Dzhendema or Djendema, meaning "hell", applies to the South slope of Mount Botev, 2376 m above sea level, the highest peak in the Balkan mountain range in Bulgaria 42°41′41″N 24°54′41″E. It is also called the Southern Dzhendem.	southern dzhendem,mountain range,balkan mountain,high peak,sea level,mount botev,south slope,djendema,hell,southern,south,slope,mount,botev
Shri Edappakath Ahamed was an Indian politician who served as Minister of State for External Affairs in the Manmohan Singh government .	singh government,manmohan singh,external affairs,indian politician,edappakath ahamed,shri edappakath,edappakath,singh,ahamed,manmohan,indian,affairs,politician,external,minister,state
Vexillum blanfordi is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.	ribbed miter,family costellariidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,small sea,vexillum blanfordi,blanfordi,ribbed,species,costellariidae,small,family,mollusk,snail,gastropod
Qanat-e Kifteh is a village in Padena-ye Vosta Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	isfahan province,semirom county,padena district,rural district,vosta rural,ye vosta,e kifteh,padena,district,province,isfahan,kifteh,county,village,semirom,vosta
William Capell, 3rd Earl of Essex,  was an English courtier and diplomat.He was the son of the 2nd Earl of Essex.	english courtier,william capell,earl,capell,courtier,diplomat,english,essex,william
Too Young to Kiss is a 1951 American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring June Allyson and Van Johnson.	van johnson,june allyson,z. leonard,robert z.,comedy film,romantic comedy,american romantic,kiss,american,allyson,romantic,june,comedy,leonard,film
Condica charada is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.	family noctuidae,owlet moth,condica charada,charada,family,species,moth,owlet,condica,noctuidae
Tireragh is a barony in County Sligo.	barony,county,tireragh,sligo
Eugène Droulers was a Frenchman who was active in the French Resistance during World War II and a pilot Mort pour la France during Ardennes-Alsace Campaign on his Piper J-3 Cub.	alsace campaign,la france,pilot mort,war ii,world war,french resistance,eugène droulers,droulers,frenchman,piper,active,campaign,french,alsace,resistance,ardennes
The Heart of the Blue Ridge is a novel published in 1915 by Dyckman Waldron Baily, who was a businessman and author in North Carolina.	north carolina,waldron baily,dyckman waldron,blue ridge,blue,north,ridge,author,novel,businessman,dyckman,baily,waldron,heart
Feliciano Rosendo Marín Díaz is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution.	democratic revolution,mexican politician,marín díaz,rosendo marín,feliciano rosendo,rosendo,democratic,marín,party,díaz,politician,mexican,feliciano,revolution
Demirköprü is a station on İZBAN's Northern Line.	station,northern,i̇zban,demirköprü,line
A pinfold was a structure into which straying animals were placed until they were retrieved by their owner on payment of a fine.	structure,payment,straying,owner,animal,pinfold,fine
Tricking the Government is a 1914 American silent film produced by Sid Films and distributed by Warner's Features.	sid films,silent film,american silent,american,warner,silent,films,film,government,feature
The Computing Technology Industry Association , is a non-profit trade association, issuing professional certifications for the information technology industry.	technology industry,industry association,trade association,profit trade,professional certification,information technology,computing technology,association,technology,information,certification,profit,professional,industry,trade,computing
Nurabad is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	kerman province,rafsanjan county,koshkuiyeh district,rural district,koshkuiyeh rural,koshkuiyeh,district,province,kerman,village,county,rafsanjan,rural,iran,nurabad
Ælfgifu of Northampton (c.	northampton,ælfgifu
Tommy Franklin Robinson is a politician from the U.S. state of Arkansas.	u.s. state,franklin robinson,tommy franklin,franklin,state,robinson,u.s.,politician,tommy,arkansas
The Calgary Central Library, also known as the Calgary New Central Library , is a public library in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, and the flagship branch of the Calgary Public Library.	public library,central library,flagship branch,new central,calgary public,calgary new,calgary central,calgary,central,library,canada,flagship,alberta,branch,public
LaFayette Emmett was an American lawyer and an early leader in Minnesota law.	minnesota law,early leader,american lawyer,lafayette emmett,emmett,minnesota,american,leader,lawyer,early,lafayette
Grooveshark was a web-based music streaming service owned and operated by Escape Media Group in the United States.	united states,media group,escape media,streaming service,music streaming,united,music,group,streaming,media,service,escape,grooveshark,states
Fort Garland , Colorado, United States, was designed to house two companies of soldiers to protect settlers in the San Luis Valley, then in the Territory of New Mexico.	new mexico,luis valley,san luis,united states,fort garland,garland,colorado,territory,united,valley,states,luis,company
Dumont is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	municipality,paulo,state,dumont,brazil
Knut Lund was a Finnish footballer.	finnish footballer,knut lund,lund,finnish,knut,footballer
Tracy K. Smith is an American poet and educator.	american poet,k. smith,tracy k.,poet,smith,american,tracy,educator
California Hall is one of the original "classical core" Beaux-Arts-style Classical Revival buildings on the UC Berkeley campus.	berkeley campus,uc berkeley,revival building,classical revival,style classical,classical core,california hall,classical,berkeley,hall,building,original,revival,beaux,arts,core
Eugenio Agacino y Martínez was a Spanish sailor and writer.	spanish sailor,eugenio agacino,agacino,sailor,martínez,spanish,eugenio,writer
Mateli Magdalena Kuivalatar , was a Finnish-Karelian folksinger.	karelian folksinger,magdalena kuivalatar,mateli magdalena,magdalena,karelian,kuivalatar,finnish,mateli,folksinger
The Taedong Bridge is a bridge over the Taedong River in Pyongyang, North Korea.	north korea,taedong river,taedong bridge,north,pyongyang,river,taedong,bridge,korea
The acronym P.A.R.T.Y. refers to an evidence-based international health promotion program.	promotion program,health promotion,international health,acronym p.a.r.t.y.,p.a.r.t.y.,promotion,evidence,health,international,acronym,program
Appi-Kōgen Station is a railway station on the Hanawa Line in the city of Hachimantai, Iwate Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company .	railway company,japan railway,iwate prefecture,east japan,hanawa line,railway station,kōgen station,japan,railway,station,kōgen,hachimantai,city,iwate,line,prefecture,hanawa
The molecular formula C23H33NO2 may refer to:	molecular formula,formula,molecular
Masan Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium in Changwon, South Korea.	baseball stadium,south korea,masan baseball,baseball,south,stadium,changwon,masan,korea
Pyrgulina phohaiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	family pyramidellidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,pyrgulina phohaiensis,phohaiensis,pyram,species,pyramidellidae,family,snail,mollusk,marine,gastropod
Miss Côte d'Ivoire is a national beauty pageant in Cote d'Ivoire.	cote d'ivoire,beauty pageant,national beauty,côte d'ivoire,miss côte,d'ivoire,côte,beauty,pageant,national,cote,miss
Lenggries is a municipality in Bavaria, Germany.	municipality,bavaria,lenggrie,germany
Reshetnikovo is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.	locality,reshetnikovo,russia
Ian Rotsey is a Caymanian cricketer.	caymanian cricketer,ian rotsey,rotsey,caymanian,cricketer
Enterprise Township is a civil township of Missaukee County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	u.s. state,missaukee county,civil township,enterprise township,township,state,u.s.,missaukee,county,michigan,enterprise,civil
Edwardstown was an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia from 1956 to 1970.Edwardstown replaced the Electoral district of Goodwood, Frank Walsh being the last member for Goodwood.	electoral district,australian state,south australia,frank walsh,electoral,district,goodwood,state,australian,south,assembly,australia,house,walsh
Tómas Guðmundsson was an Icelandic author.	icelandic author,tómas guðmundsson,guðmundsson,icelandic,tómas,author
Kim Thành is a rural district of Hải Dương Province in the Red River Delta region of Vietnam.	delta region,river delta,dương province,red river,hải dương,rural district,kim thành,thành,region,rural,delta,district,river,dương,province
The 2010–11 Coventry Blaze season was the 8th season for the Coventry Blaze in the British Elite Ice Hockey League .	coventry blaze,hockey league,blaze season,ice hockey,elite ice,british elite,season,blaze,hockey,elite,british,coventry,league
Mount Shakka is a mountain in the Ōmine Mountains.	ōmine mountains,mount shakka,shakka,ōmine,mountain,mount,mountains
Immunoglobulin A is an antibody that plays a crucial role in the immune function of mucous membranes.	mucous membrane,immune function,crucial role,immunoglobulin a,mucous,antibody,function,crucial,immune,role,immunoglobulin,membrane
Calcium chloride transformation is a laboratory technique in prokaryotic cell biology.	cell biology,prokaryotic cell,laboratory technique,chloride transformation,calcium chloride,chloride,cell,transformation,prokaryotic,laboratory,technique,calcium,biology
Amanita gayana or Gay's death cap is a species of Amanita from Chile.	death cap,amanita gayana,amanita,death,gayana,species,chile
Ray Pritchard is an English footballer, who played as a full back in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.	tranmere rovers,football league,english footballer,ray pritchard,pritchard,tranmere,english,league,footballer,football,rovers
Bill Rauch became the fifth artistic director of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in June 2007.	shakespeare festival,oregon shakespeare,artistic director,fifth artistic,bill rauch,rauch,festival,fifth,shakespeare,artistic,oregon,director,bill,june
Rafael Sobreira da Costa, nickname is Paty is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Clube do Remo.	brazilian footballer,da costa,sobreira da,rafael sobreira,sobreira,clube,forward,costa,footballer,nickname,brazilian,paty,rafael
The 2018 Rugby Americas North Championship, the 11th edition of the tournament, is a rugby union championship for Tier 3 North American and Caribbean teams.	caribbean team,north american,union championship,rugby union,north championship,americas north,rugby americas,north,championship,rugby,caribbean,american,edition,tournament,americas,union
The ISU Junior Grand Prix in Austria is an international figure skating competition.	skating competition,figure skating,grand prix,international figure,junior grand,isu junior,junior,skating,grand,figure,prix,international,austria,competition
Penarosa is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.	marine arthropod,fossil marine,extinct genus,extinct,arthropod,genus,marine,class,fossil,penarosa,trilobite
Joseph Alfred Ernest Roy was a Quebec lawyer, journalist, judge and political figure.	political figure,quebec lawyer,ernest roy,alfred ernest,joseph alfred,alfred,political,ernest,judge,journalist,quebec,lawyer,joseph,figure
Unison is a studio album by musicians George Mraz and Zoe Rahman, released on 15 July 2013 by Cube-Metier.	zoe rahman,george mraz,musician george,studio album,studio,cube,album,july,musician,rahman,george,mraz,unison
Kuchary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	western poland,silesian voivodeship,low silesian,oława county,gmina domaniów,administrative district,village,western,administrative,south,district,voivodeship,gmina,silesian,domaniów
Hämeenkyrö Airfield is an airfield in Hämeenkyrö, Finland, about 7 nautical miles northwest of Hämeenkyrö centre.	hämeenkyrö centre,nautical mile,hämeenkyrö airfield,hämeenkyrö,nautical,finland,mile,airfield,centre
Socialist Democracy is the successor to People's Democracy, a left-wing current which emerged in Belfast in 1968 during the civil rights movement in Northern Ireland.	northern ireland,right movement,civil right,wing current,socialist democracy,democracy,northern,movement,right,civil,belfast,current,wing,left,successor
Braz Roberto da Costa , known professionally as Braz da Viola, is a Brazilian multi-instrumentalist musician, luthier, conductor and teacher.	instrumentalist musician,brazilian multi,da viola,da costa,braz da,roberto da,braz roberto,braz,conductor,luthi,musician,instrumentalist,multi,brazilian,viola,roberto
Sir Patrick Sheehy is a British businessman, former chairman of British American Tobacco.	american tobacco,british american,british businessman,patrick sheehy,sir patrick,british,patrick,american,sheehy,businessman,chairman,tobacco
Wamanripayuq is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 m high.	m high,mountain range,chunta mountain,mountain,peru,range,andes,high,wamanripayuq,chunta
Tomáš Janíček is a Czech football player who plays as a defender for FK Mladá Boleslav in the Gambrinus liga, the top Czech league.	czech league,gambrinus liga,mladá boleslav,football player,fk mladá,czech football,tomáš janíček,czech,janíček,mladá,defender,boleslav,player,gambrinus,football,liga
The 1974 Houston Oilers season was the 15th season overall and fifth with the National Football League.	football league,national football,oilers season,houston oilers,season,football,oilers,national,fifth,league,houston
Sanjō Ōhashi is a bridge in Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.	kyoto prefecture,sanjō ōhashi,kyoto,ōhashi,prefecture,bridge,sanjō,japan
Nadarzyce  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	central poland,poland voivodeship,greater poland,złotów county,gmina jastrowie,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,jastrowie,złotów,county,greater,west
Celiloğlu is a village in the District of Sandıklı, Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,afyonkarahisar,sandıklı,celiloğlu,turkey
Ceuta is one of the 52 constituencies represented in the Congress of Deputies, the lower chamber of the Spanish parliament, the Cortes Generales.	cortes generales,spanish parliament,low chamber,constituency,cortes,congress,parliament,deputies,spanish,chamber,ceuta,generales
Liberty Arcade is a covered walkthrough area in Main Street, U.S.A. at Disneyland Paris.	disneyland paris,main street,walkthrough area,liberty arcade,arcade,disneyland,walkthrough,u.s.a.,area,street,main,liberty,paris
Hwebalan is a river village in Homalin Township, Hkamti District, in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	northwestern burma,sagaing region,hkamti district,homalin township,river village,river,northwestern,village,region,homalin,sagaing,township,district,hkamti,hwebalan
Pontypool Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in the town of Pontypool.	union team,rugby union,welsh rugby,football club,rugby football,pontypool rugby,rugby,team,town,club,pontypool,union,football,welsh
Maybe I Should Call is a song by American R&B singer K. Michelle released on November 4, 2014.	k. michelle,singer k.,r&b singer,american r&b,american,michelle,singer,song,november
Atholl Gardens is a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa.	south africa,atholl gardens,gardens,south,suburb,johannesburg,atholl,africa
Hidden Valley Discovery Park is a family-run visitor attraction near the town of Launceston, Cornwall, England, UK. Founded in 1994 by Pete Jones, as a simple treasure hunt and play area, the park has expanded to include a "Forbidden Mansion" with mazes and team treasure hunts.	treasure hunt,play area,forbidden mansion,team treasure,visitor attraction,simple treasure,discovery park,pete jones,valley discovery,hidden valley,park,treasure,valley,cornwall,england,launceston,town,discovery,pete
Bedenec is a village in Croatia.	village,bedenec,croatia
Adenau is a town in the High Eifel in Germany.	town,eifel,high,adenau,germany
The Brunette Odalisque is a c.1745 painting by François Boucher, now in the Louvre in Paris.	françois boucher,brunette odalisque,odalisque,louvre,painting,boucher,françois,brunette,paris
Karina Smigla-Bobinski is a German-Polish intermedia artist, working primarily in new media art and digital art, based in Berlin and Munich.Her work bridges kinetic art, drawing, video, installation, painting, performance and sculpture.	kinetic art,bridge kinetic,work bridge,digital art,-PRON- work,medium art,new medium,intermedia artist,polish intermedia,karina smigla,smigla,performance,bobinski,painting,german,installation,polish,intermedia,artist
Alfred H. Mueller is an American theoretical physicist.	theoretical physicist,american theoretical,h. mueller,alfred h.,theoretical,mueller,american,alfred,physicist
The following is a list of songs by the American Indie pop band The Narrative that have recorded one studio album, three extended plays and one b-side album.	extended play,studio album,pop band,indie pop,american indie,album,song,american,indie,band,narrative,studio,play,extended
Progressive shifting is a technique for changing gears commonly practiced by drivers of semi-trailer trucks.	trailer truck,progressive shifting,shifting,trailer,technique,semi,gear,driver,progressive,truck
Dasrath Tirkey is a member of the All India Trinamool Congress and has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Alipurduars .Three Left Front MLAs, Dasarath Tirkey and Ananta Deb Adhikari of RSP and Sunil Mandal of Forward Bloc joined All India Trinamool Congress in February 2014.While in RSP, Dasrath Tirkey was MLA for three consecutive terms in 2001, 2006 and 2011 elections, from Kumargram assembly seat.	dasrath tirkey,trinamool congress,india trinamool,general election,indian general,front mlas,left front,dasarath tirkey,all india,deb adhikari,tirkey,election,india,congress,assembly,kumargram,front,left,forward
The Great Band Era is a compilation album featuring Swing music from 1936-1945.	swing music,compilation album,band era,great band,band,swing,album,compilation,great,music
ORP Grom is an Orkan-class fast attack craft.	attack craft,fast attack,class fast,orp grom,grom,attack,orkan,fast,class,craft
Methode Electronics is an American Multinational company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, with Engineering, Manufacturing and Sales Operations in more than 14 locations in 10 countries.	sales operations,multinational company,american multinational,methode electronics,electronics,location,american,operations,multinational,sales,company,manufacturing,chicago,engineering
Andrew Lewis Goram is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.	lewis goram,andrew lewis,lewis,footballer,goram,scottish,andrew,goalkeeper
John Wesley Dean III is a former attorney who served as White House Counsel for United States President Richard Nixon from July 1970 until April 1973, where he became deeply involved in events leading up to the Watergate burglaries and the subsequent Watergate scandal cover-up.	scandal cover,richard nixon,watergate scandal,subsequent watergate,president richard,watergate burglary,states president,united states,house counsel,dean iii,watergate,wesley,dean,attorney,scandal,white,house,counsel,united
Antoine-Louis-Adolphe Dupuch was a French Roman Catholic priest.	catholic priest,roman catholic,french roman,adolphe dupuch,louis,catholic,adolphe,roman,dupuch,french,antoine,priest
The Pan-American Exposition was held from May 1 through November 2, 1901.	american,exposition,november
The Madras States Agency was a colonial agency for the indirect rule of princely states associated with British India.	british india,princely state,indirect rule,colonial agency,states agency,madras states,agency,british,states,state,princely,rule,indirect,india,madras,colonial
For the 2006-07 season, AEK Athens F.C. competed in its 48th consecutive season in the Greek topflight.	greek topflight,consecutive season,athens f.c.,aek athens,season,greek,f.c.,athens,consecutive,topflight
James Edward "JJ" Hickson, Jr.	edward,hickson,james
In computing, open implementation platforms are systems where the implementation is accessible.	implementation platform,open implementation,implementation,open,platform,system,computing,accessible
Chennai railway division is a railway division of the Southern Railway , India covering the districts of Northern Tamil Nadu and southern Andhra Pradesh.	railway division,andhra pradesh,southern andhra,tamil nadu,northern tamil,southern railway,chennai railway,railway,southern,andhra,northern,district,tamil,india,nadu,division,pradesh
The Tunisian national ice hockey team is the national ice hockey team of Tunisia.	national ice,ice hockey,hockey team,tunisian national,national,team,hockey,tunisian,tunisia
The nipsistiarios was a Byzantine court position and rank reserved for eunuchs.	court position,byzantine court,byzantine,rank,court,position,nipsistiario,eunuch
Alfredo Galli was an Italian sports shooter.	sport shooter,italian sport,alfredo galli,galli,sport,italian,alfredo,shooter
Surjoux-Lhôpital is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.	eastern france,ain department,lhôpital,eastern,commune,department,surjoux,france
Alginet ) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.	valencian community,ribera alta,municipality,community,comarca,valencian,ribera,alta,alginet,spain
Jan Dolczewski is a Polish basketball player.	basketball player,polish basketball,jan dolczewski,dolczewski,basketball,polish,player
Jim Buckley is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League .	football league,victorian football,rule footballer,australian rule,jim buckley,buckley,football,australian,victorian,rule,footballer,league
Alvin and the Chipmunks (stylized as ALVINNN!!!	chipmunks,alvin,alvinnn
Lampreys are an ancient extant lineage of jawless fish of the order Petromyzontiformes, placed in the superclass Cyclostomata.	superclass cyclostomata,order petromyzontiformes,jawless fish,extant lineage,ancient extant,ancient,superclass,extant,petromyzontiformes,lineage,order,jawless,fish,lamprey,cyclostomata
Hur Libertas "H. L." Mackenzie was a leading Scottish medical missionary and minister for the Presbyterian Church of England who was revered by the church for his nearly four decades of service to their mission at Swatow.	presbyterian church,medical missionary,scottish medical,h. l.,hur libertas,church,libertas,mission,service,decade,mackenzie,scottish,medical
William Bradford (c.	bradford,william
Long Meadow is a historic home located at Middletown, Warren County, Virginia.	warren county,historic home,long meadow,meadow,county,historic,warren,home,middletown,long,virginia
The Church of Ireland is a Christian church in Ireland and an autonomous province of the Anglican Communion.	anglican communion,autonomous province,christian church,ireland,anglican,province,autonomous,church,christian,communion
Frakk is a Hungarian fictional cartoon character and star of the cartoon television show, Frakk, a macskák réme (lit.	macskák réme,cartoon television,cartoon character,fictional cartoon,hungarian fictional,cartoon,frakk,macskák,hungarian,fictional,television,character,star,réme
INT is an assembly language instruction for x86 processors that generates a software interrupt.	software interrupt,language instruction,assembly language,assembly,software,language,processor,instruction,interrupt
Mapo Station is a station on Seoul Subway Line 5 in Mapo-gu, Seoul.	subway line,seoul subway,mapo station,mapo,seoul,station,subway,line
The Millennium Dome raid was an attempted robbery of the Millennium Dome's diamond exhibition in Greenwich, South East London occurring on 7 November 2000.	millennium dome,east london,dome raid,south east,diamond exhibition,dome,london,east,south,greenwich,exhibition,diamond,robbery,millennium,raid
David Hagan was the former Chief Executive of Global Wi-Fi solutions company Boingo Wireless.	boingo wireless,company boingo,solution company,fi solution,global wi,chief executive,david hagan,hagan,boingo,chief,company,executive,solution,global,david
The list of Juventus F.C. seasons in Italian and European football details the club's achievements in major competitions, managers and top league goalscorers for each season.	league goalscorer,major competition,european football,f.c. season,juventus f.c.,season,juventus,f.c.,achievement,major,club,competition,football,manager,european
Polanski Unauthorized is a theatrically released biographical film about the life of film director Roman Polanski.	roman polanski,director roman,film director,biographical film,polanski unauthorized,film,polanski,unauthorized,roman,biographical,director,life
This glossary of chemistry terms is a list of terms and definitions relevant to chemistry, including chemical laws, diagrams and formulae, laboratory tools, glassware, and equipment.	laboratory tool,chemical law,definition relevant,chemistry term,chemistry,term,glassware,tool,laboratory,formulae,diagram,chemical,definition
Shayne Saskiw is Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Lac La Biche-St.	la biche,lac la,electoral district,legislative assembly,canadian politician,shayne saskiw,saskiw,biche,canadian,politician,legislative,district,assembly,electoral
Macun is a village in the District of Beypazarı, Ankara Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,ankara,beypazarı,macun,turkey
Derivative Dribble is a blog written by Charles Davi focused on finance, particularly derivatives and structured products.	structured product,charles davi,derivative dribble,derivative,structured,charles,blog,davi,dribble,finance,product
The 2004–05 Cymru Alliance was the fifteenth season of the Cymru Alliance after its establishment in 1990.	cymru alliance,fifteenth season,alliance,season,cymru,fifteenth,establishment
Kosciusko is a city in Attala County, Mississippi, United States, and is the birthplace of James Meredith and Oprah Winfrey.	oprah winfrey,james meredith,united states,attala county,city,oprah,attala,meredith,county,james,mississippi,birthplace,united,states
Tuszyma is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,subcarpathian voivodeship,mielec county,gmina przecław,administrative district,village,eastern,administrative,south,district,voivodeship,gmina,subcarpathian,przecław,county
Elizabeth Fair was an English writer who was known for humorous novels of English village life.	village life,english village,humorous novel,english writer,elizabeth fair,english,fair,village,humorous,writer,novel,elizabeth,life
Aegospotami or Aegospotamos (i.e.	aegospotami,aegospotamos
'Dexter "Deck" Shelley was born and raised in San Antonio.	deck,shelley,dexter,antonio
Admiral Sir Graham Moore,  was a Royal Navy officer.	navy officer,graham moore,royal navy,sir graham,admiral sir,navy,graham,royal,moore,admiral,officer
The 1951 Asian Games , officially known as the First Asian Games, was a multi-sport event celebrated in New Delhi, India from 4 to 11 March 1951.	asian games,new delhi,first asian,sport event,games,india,delhi,event,sport,multi,asian,first,march
Dhanwar  is an assembly constituency in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	indian state,assembly constituency,assembly,state,constituency,indian,dhanwar,jharkhand
The 1999–00 LEN Champions League is the 37th edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs.	polo club,water polo,premier competition,champions league,len champions,polo,water,competition,premier,league,champions,edition
Rodrigo Archanjo de Matos or simply Rodrigão , is a Brazilian central defender.	central defender,brazilian central,rodrigo archanjo,archanjo,central,matos,brazilian,rodrigão,rodrigo,defender
Pteris tripartita is a species of fern native to Africa, Indonesia, and the Marquesas.	fern native,pteris tripartita,tripartita,indonesia,species,africa,fern,native,pteris,marquesas
The Liberation Rite of Water and Land , also commonly known as the Waterland Dharma Function is a Chinese Buddhist ritual performed by temples and presided over by high monks.	high monk,buddhist ritual,chinese buddhist,dharma function,waterland dharma,liberation rite,rite,high,water,temple,land,ritual,waterland,buddhist,dharma,chinese
Matthew Michael Murray is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Atlanta Braves and Boston Red Sox during the 1995 season.	red sox,boston red,atlanta braves,league baseball,major league,michael murray,matthew michael,michael,murray,pitcher,boston,major,braves,league,atlanta
Holzwickede ) is a municipality in the district of Unna in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	municipality,westphalia,district,rhine,unna,north,holzwickede,germany
Sonskyn Hoekie is a squatter camp on the edge of Pretoria, in South Africa.	south africa,squat camp,sonskyn hoekie,hoekie,south,squat,pretoria,camp,edge,sonskyn,africa
D.K.M. College for Women, is a women's general degree college located in Vellore, Tamil Nadu.	tamil nadu,degree college,general degree,d.k.m. college,college,tamil,vellore,woman,general,women,degree,nadu,d.k.m.
The Isadorables were a group of six young girls, Anna Denzler, Maria-Theresa Kruger, Irma Erich-Grimme, Elizabeth Milker, Margot Jehl, and Erica Lohmann, who danced under the instruction of Isadora Duncan.	isadora duncan,erica lohmann,margot jehl,elizabeth milker,irma erich,theresa kruger,anna denzler,young girl,group,isadora,young,instruction,girl,lohmann,anna,erica,denzler,jehl
The Jake Jabs Center for Entrepreneurship is an entrepreneurial concept development center and a graduate and undergraduate-level entrepreneurial training center at the University of Colorado Denver Business School.	business school,denver business,training center,colorado denver,entrepreneurial training,development center,level entrepreneurial,concept development,entrepreneurial concept,jabs center,center,entrepreneurial,business,denver,colorado,jabs,university,undergraduate,graduate,level
Lindmania marahuacae is a species in the genus Lindmania.	genus lindmania,lindmania marahuacae,lindmania,marahuacae,species,genus
Anon Sangsanoi , is a Thai retired professional footballer who played as a Striker.	professional footballer,retired professional,thai retired,anon sangsanoi,sangsanoi,footballer,thai,professional,retired,anon,striker
Gustavus Brander , English naturalist, who came of a Swedish family, was born in London in 1720, and was brought up as a merchant, in which capacity he achieved success and became a director of the Bank of England.His leisure time was occupied in scientific pursuits, and at his country residence at Christchurch in Hampshire he became interested in the fossils so abundant in the clays of Hordwell and Barton.	country residence,scientific pursuit,leisure time,swedish family,-PRON- leisure,english naturalist,gustavus brander,brander,hordwell,english,clay,naturalist,abundant,swedish,fossil,family,interested
Akçaabat is a village in the District of Karpuzlu, Aydın Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,aydın,karpuzlu,akçaabat,turkey
The 2006–07 Deutsche Eishockey Liga season was the 13th season since the founding of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .	eishockey liga,deutsche eishockey,liga season,season,deutsche,eishockey,liga,founding
There are two battles known as the Battle of Scotch Corner, one fought in the 1st century, and the other, more often called the Battle of Old Byland, in the 14th century.	old byland,scotch corner,battle,century,corner,byland,scotch
Carl Riskin is an American economist, currently a distinguished Professor at Queens College.	queens college,distinguished professor,american economist,carl riskin,riskin,queens,american,professor,economist,distinguished,carl,college
The 2008 Pacific typhoon season had no official bounds; it ran year-round in 2008, but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between May and November.	pacific ocean,northwestern pacific,tropical cyclone,official bound,typhoon season,pacific typhoon,pacific,ocean,year,bound,round,official,tropical,season,cyclone
V. 'Seenu' Srinivasan is an American scholar in the field of marketing science.	marketing science,american scholar,seenu,marketing,srinivasan,field,american,scholar,science
Mucklewain : Southern American Rock Festival—A Celebration of Southern Music, Art, and Culture was a rock festival held in 2006 and 2007 in Tennessee, primarily featuring Southern rock music.	rock festival,a celebration,southern music,rock music,american rock,southern rock,southern american,southern,rock,festival,music,celebration,culture,tennessee,american
The MEI Mercury is a family of medium-range low-impulse 40mm grenade developed by Martin Electronics, Inc.	martin electronics,mm grenade,range low,mei mercury,mercury,electronics,family,martin,medium,grenade,range,impulse
Aquara is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.	western italy,campania region,town,western,comune,south,province,region,salerno,campania,aquara,italy
The Chittagong armoury raid, also known as the Chittagong uprising, was an attempt on 18 April 1930 to raid the armoury of police and auxiliary forces from the Chittagong armoury in the Bengal Presidency of British India by armed Indian independence fighters led by Surya Sen.	chittagong armoury,surya sen.,armoury raid,independence fighter,chittagong uprising,indian independence,armed indian,british india,auxiliary force,bengal presidency,armoury,chittagong,surya,fighter,independence,indian,armed,india,british,presidency
Tanyochraethes minca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	species,family,beetle,tanyochraethe,cerambycidae
Gotta Get Over is a pop rock song written by Doyle Bramhall II, Nikka Costa and Justin Stanley.	justin stanley,nikka costa,bramhall ii,doyle bramhall,rock song,pop rock,rock,justin,song,costa,doyle,nikka,bramhall,stanley
Morita Fukui was the first Commissioner of Baseball in Japan.	fukui,baseball,commissioner,morita,japan
Forficula ruficollis is a species of earwig in the family Forficulidae.	family forficulidae,forficula ruficollis,ruficollis,family,species,earwig,forficula,forficulidae
Vicenza “Tommaso Dal Molin” Airport  was an airport serving Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.	dal molin,tommaso dal,vicenza,airport,veneto,tommaso,molin,italy
Visit Me is the third album released by American R&B duo Changing Faces in 2000.	r&b duo,american r&b,american,album,face
Binger is a town in Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States.	united states,caddo county,town,united,caddo,oklahoma,county,binger,states
This is a list of Singaporean political dissidents.	political dissident,singaporean political,singaporean,political,list,dissident
Eduard Schleich was a German painter.	german painter,eduard schleich,schleich,german,eduard,painter
Robert Harte played Ryan Birch in Shortland Street, father of Minnie Crozier but is more recently known for hosting the New Zealand television show My House, My Castle.	-PRON- castle,-PRON- house,zealand television,minnie crozier,new zealand,shortland street,ryan birch,robert harte,-PRON-,harte,ryan,television,birch,zealand,shortland,street,crozier
Kutiyattam is the only surviving specimen of the ancient Sanskrit theatre, thought to have originated around the beginning of the Common Era, and is officially recognised by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity.	intangible heritage,common era,sanskrit theatre,ancient sanskrit,speciman,heritage,ancient,intangible,sanskrit,oral,theatre,masterpiece,beginning,unesco
Sara Pichelli is an Italian comics artist best known for first illustrating the Miles Morales version of Ultimate Spider-Man.	ultimate spider,morales version,comic artist,miles morales,italian comic,sara pichelli,pichelli,spider,italian,ultimate,comic,version,artist,morales,miles,sara
Cape Greco, also known as Capo Greco , is a headland in the southeastern part of the island of Cyprus.	capo greco,cape greco,greco,island,southeastern,headland,cyprus,cape,capo
Gavdel is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,east azerbaijan,ahar county,central district,rural district,hacha rural,owch hacha,district,province,village,azerbaijan,owch,east,hacha,county,rural,ahar
State Route 114 is a 14.251-mile-long state highway in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Alabama.	u.s. state,state highway,long state,state route,state,southwestern,highway,u.s.,route,long,alabama
Karl Gustaf Scherman is a Swedish economist and government official.	government official,swedish economist,gustaf scherman,karl gustaf,gustaf,government,scherman,economist,swedish,karl,official
The 1971 Minnesota Vikings season was the franchise's 11th season in the National Football League.	football league,national football,vikings season,minnesota vikings,season,football,vikings,national,franchise,league,minnesota
Omiodes alboanalis is a moth in the Crambidae family.	crambidae family,omiode alboanalis,alboanalis,crambidae,moth,omiode,family
Hoo Anthiya Uhoo Anthiya is a 2001 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by K. Praveen Nayak and produced by N. Bharathi Devi.	bharathi devi,praveen nayak,n. bharathi,drama film,k. praveen,romantic drama,kannada romantic,indian kannada,uhoo anthiya,anthiya uhoo,anthiya,bharathi,indian,nayak,kannada,praveen,romantic,drama
Mordella pulchra is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	mordellidae family,mordella genus,mordella pulchra,mordella,family,mordellidae,genus,species,pulchra,beetle,tenebrionoidea
This is the discography page for the electronic industrial group Front 242.	group front,industrial group,electronic industrial,discography page,page,group,electronic,industrial,discography,front
The Brennabor Typ P, launched in 1919, is the first car introduced by the Brennabor company after the First World War.	world war,first world,brennabor company,typ p,brennabor typ,brennabor,world,first,company
Praye is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.	eastern france,moselle department,commune,eastern,meurthe,north,department,moselle,praye,france
Agustin Cartagena Diaz was born in Puerto Rico and a Lieutenant colonel with the Puerto Rico Police Department who became the 17 Superintendent of the police of Puerto Rico elected in the first year of the administration of Sila Maria Calderon from 2003-2005.	puerto rico,police department,lieutenant colonel,rico police,maria calderon,cartagena diaz,sila maria,agustin cartagena,puerto,rico,police,maria,cartagena,sila,administration,diaz,year,colonel
The Journal of Risk Model Validation is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on the implementation and validation of risk models.	risk model,model validation,bimonthly peer,academic journal,validation,journal,risk,peer,academic,bimonthly,implementation,model
Maria Veniaminovna Yudina , 1899 – November 19, 1970) was a Soviet pianist.	soviet pianist,veniaminovna yudina,maria veniaminovna,veniaminovna,soviet,yudina,november,maria,pianist
The following is a list of Playboy Playmates of 1967.	playboy,list,playmates
James Rosenquist was an American artist and one of the protagonists in the pop art movement.	art movement,pop art,american artist,james rosenquist,rosenquist,american,artist,protagonist,james,movement
An Enemy to the King is a 1916 silent film directed by Frederick A. Thomson.	a. thomson,frederick a.,silent film,king,silent,frederick,film,enemy,thomson
National Geographic Encounter, also known as National Geographic Encounter: Ocean Odyssey due to its inaugural exhibit, is a Times Square is an exploration of the oceans attraction operated under license from National Geographic.	national geographic,geographic encounter,ocean odyssey,inaugural exhibit,times square,ocean attraction,ocean,national,encounter,exhibit,times,inaugural,square,odyssey,exploration,attraction
The Broome County Alms House, was located in the town of Dickinson, three miles north of Binghamton in Broome county, New York.	broome county,alms house,county alms,new york,county,dickinson,town,mile,house,binghamton,broome,alms,york
Lake Geneva Yacht Club, is a yacht club in Fontana-on-Geneva Lake, Wisconsin, United States.	yacht club,united states,geneva lake,geneva yacht,lake geneva,geneva,united,wisconsin,lake,club,yacht,fontana,states
Sportske novosti awards refer to annual sports awards given by Sportske novosti, a Zagreb-based Croatian daily sports newspaper.	sportske novosti,novosti award,sport award,sport newspaper,annual sport,daily sport,croatian daily,sport,award,novosti,croatian,daily,zagreb,annual,sportske,newspaper
Erastus Root was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	new york,american lawyer,erastus root,root,american,politician,lawyer,erastus,york
Mary Josephine Player (c.	josephine player,mary josephine,josephine,player,mary
Kurkunta is a village in Gulbarga district's Sedam taluk, Karnataka India.	karnataka india,gulbarga district,village,karnataka,gulbarga,sedam,district,kurkunta,india
Zhejiang cuisine, alternatively known as Zhe cuisine, is one of the Eight Culinary Traditions of Chinese cuisine.	chinese cuisine,culinary traditions,eight culinary,zhe cuisine,zhejiang cuisine,cuisine,culinary,traditions,eight,chinese,zhejiang
Jarauda or Jaroda is a large village located in Muzaffarnagar Mandal in the district of Muzaffarnagar in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.	uttar pradesh,muzaffarnagar mandal,large village,muzaffarnagar,jaroda,pradesh,large,uttar,village,state,mandal,district,jarauda
Lucas Local School District is a public school district serving students in the village of Lucas, most of Monroe Township, eastern parts of Washington Township, and southern parts of Mifflin Township in Richland County, Ohio, United States.	school district,united states,richland county,mifflin township,public school,southern part,washington township,eastern part,monroe township,local school,township,part,district,lucas,school,united,ohio,county,richland,student
Operation Rösselsprung was a combined airborne and ground assault by the German XV Mountain Corps and their allies on the Supreme Headquarters of the Yugoslav Partisans located in the Bosnian town of Drvar in the Independent State of Croatia during World War II. The operation was launched on 25 May 1944, and was aimed at capturing or killing Marshal Josip Broz Tito and destroying the headquarters, support facilities and co-located Allied military missions.	military mission,support facility,broz tito,allied military,war ii,josip broz,world war,marshal josip,independent state,bosnian town,headquarters,operation,military,allied,independent,state,drvar,german
Kelsie is a masculine and a feminine given name that may refer to:	masculine,kelsie,feminine
San Jacinto Day is the celebration of the Battle of San Jacinto on April 21, 1836.	san jacinto,jacinto day,jacinto,celebration,battle,april
Single Women is a song, written by Saturday Night Live writer Michael O'Donoghue.	michael o'donoghue,writer michael,live writer,night live,saturday night,single women,women,michael,song,writer,saturday,live,night,single,o'donoghue
Xandele is a town and commune of Angola, located in the province of Malanje.	town,province,commune,angola,xandele,malanje
Dallas Winmar is a Western Australian writer who first worked with Company B in 2001 on the staging of her play Aliwa!.	company b,australian writer,western australian,dallas winmar,winmar,staging,western,australian,company,writer,dallas,play
Kyaw Thaung is a Burmese politician and former political prisoner who currently serves as a Amyotha Hluttaw MP for Sagaing Region No.	region no,hluttaw mp,amyotha hluttaw,political prisoner,burmese politician,kyaw thaung,thaung,region,burmese,politician,hluttaw,political,amyotha,prisoner,kyaw
The LeBow College of Business, often referred to simply as Drexel LeBow, is the business school of Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	drexel university,business school,drexel lebow,lebow college,drexel,business,lebow,philadelphia,university,school,college,pennsylvania
The D-Book is the UK technical specification for digital terrestrial television .	terrestrial television,digital terrestrial,technical specification,uk technical,book,terrestrial,digital,technical,specification,television
Alberto Veronesi is an Italian conductor.	italian conductor,alberto veronesi,veronesi,italian,alberto,conductor
Ostryy Point is a projecting point of the ice shelf that fringes the coast of Queen Maud Land.	maud land,queen maud,ice shelf,projecting point,ostryy point,point,maud,queen,coast,shelf,land,ostryy,projecting
The Iveco EuroCargo is an Italian truck manufactured by Iveco.	italian truck,iveco eurocargo,iveco,eurocargo,italian,truck
Crostwitz, in Sorbian Chrósćicy, is a village and municipality in the center of the German district of Bautzen in Saxony.	german district,sorbian chrósćicy,sorbian,bautzen,chrósćicy,district,village,german,municipality,center,crostwitz,saxony
Mark Malseed is an author, information industry consultant and investigative reporter.	investigative reporter,industry consultant,information industry,mark malseed,malseed,investigative,author,consultant,information,industry,mark,reporter
Two destroyers of the Armada Española were named Gravina –	armada,española,destroyer,gravina
Neas Energy is an energy trading and management company.	management company,energy trading,neas energy,energy,management,trading,company,neas
The New Zealand women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team is the national basketball team of New Zealand for Junior Women, governed by the Basketball New Zealand.	new zealand,basketball team,zealand woman,national basketball,junior women,basketball new,basketball,national,zealand,team,junior,women,woman
Nowe Strącze  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	western poland,lubusz voivodeship,wschowa county,gmina sława,administrative district,nowe strącze,strącze,western,village,voivodeship,administrative,lubusz,district,county,gmina,wschowa
Oleksandr Volovyk is a professional Ukrainian footballer defender and assistant manager for Podillya Khmelnytskyi.	podillya khmelnytskyi,assistant manager,footballer defender,ukrainian footballer,professional ukrainian,oleksandr volovyk,volovyk,podillya,professional,manager,ukrainian,assistant,footballer,defender,oleksandr,khmelnytskyi
Jamie O'Reilly is an Irish Gaelic footballer.	gaelic footballer,irish gaelic,jamie o'reilly,o'reilly,gaelic,irish,jamie,footballer
Nuh is a masculine given name.	masculine
Part of the Bible was first available in the Kurdish language in 1856 in the Kurmanji dialect.	kurmanji dialect,kurdish language,bible,kurmanji,available,language,kurdish,part,dialect
Shobhana Ranade is an Indian social worker and gandhian, known for her services towards her cause of destitute women and children.	destitute woman,social worker,indian social,shobhana ranade,ranade,woman,indian,destitute,social,because,worker,service,shobhana,child
Georges Bordier was a French sports shooter.	sport shooter,french sport,georges bordier,bordier,sport,french,georges,shooter
The 19th Producers Guild of America Awards, honoring the best film and television producers of 2007, were held at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California on February 2, 2008.	beverly hills,beverly hilton,television producer,good film,america awards,producers guild,beverly,producers,california,guild,hills,america,awards,good,producer,film
Åsa Elisabeth Mogensen is a Swedish former handball player.	handball player,elisabeth mogensen,åsa elisabeth,elisabeth,handball,mogensen,swedish,player
An election for the office of President of Iceland was planned to be held in Iceland on 28 June 2008.	iceland,office,president,election,june
Kyarakoppa is a small village in newly created taluk Kittur of Belgaum district in North Karnataka, India.	north karnataka,belgaum district,taluk kittur,small village,small,karnataka,village,north,taluk,district,kittur,belgaum,kyarakoppa,india
Kenneth David Biddulph played first-class cricket for Somerset between 1955 and 1961, and later appeared in List A cricket matches while playing Minor Counties cricket for Durham between 1962 and 1972.	minor counties,cricket match,class cricket,david biddulph,kenneth david,cricket,david,counties,biddulph,minor,class,match,somerset,list,kenneth
Wallace Elmer Stickney is an American civil servant, most prominently as the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under President George H. W. Bush.Stickney was born in Salem, New Hampshire.	new hampshire,w. bush,h. w.,george h.,president george,management agency,civil servant,emergency management,federal emergency,american civil,stickney,elmer,salem,management,emergency,agency,federal,president,director
Court districts in Sweden divide Norrland which was never divided into hundreds and instead the court districts, or tingslag, served as the basic division of these rural areas.	court district,divide norrland,sweden divide,rural area,basic division,district,rural,division,basic,norrland,tingslag,divide,hundred,court,sweden
Tay–Sachs disease is a genetic disorder that results in the destruction of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord.	spinal cord,nerve cell,genetic disorder,sachs disease,sachs,spinal,disease,brain,genetic,cell,disorder,nerve,destruction
Avan Ananthapadmanabhan is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Prakash Koleri and starring Ramesh Aravind and Sudha Chandran in lead roles.	lead role,sudha chandran,ramesh aravind,prakash koleri,malayalam film,indian malayalam,avan ananthapadmanabhan,ananthapadmanabhan,lead,indian,chandran,malayalam,sudha,film,aravind,prakash,ramesh
John Fitchett Marsh was an English solicitor, official and antiquary.	english solicitor,fitchett marsh,john fitchett,fitchett,official,marsh,solicitor,english,john,antiquary
Melissa Hawach is a Canadian woman who gained international attention following a complicated custody dispute with her former husband, Joseph Hawach, over the couple's two children.	joseph hawach,custody dispute,complicated custody,international attention,canadian woman,melissa hawach,hawach,couple,complicated,attention,custody,international,dispute,woman,husband,canadian
The 1991 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State University in the Pacific-10 Conference during the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season.	arizona state,football team,football season,ncaa division,american football,devils football,sun devils,state sun,state university,football,state,team,conference,ncaa,university,division,devils
World News Now is an American overnight television news program that is broadcast on ABC. Airing during the early morning hours each Monday through Friday, the program features a mix of general news and off-beat stories, along with weather forecasts, sports highlights, feature segments, and repurposed segments and story packages from other ABC News programs; its tone is often lighthearted, irreverent and humorous.	news program,morning hour,early morning,general news,beat story,weather forecast,sport highlight,story package,abc news,television news,news,program,story,segment,irreverent,hour,tone,monday,morning
Alfred Visagie is a South African sprinter.	african sprinter,south african,alfred visagie,visagie,african,south,alfred,sprinter
Kantvilasia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pilocarpaceae.	genus,family,fungus,kantvilasia,pilocarpaceae
Paul Tolson is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League .	football league,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,paul tolson,tolson,football,australian,victorian,rule,hawthorn,footballer,paul,league
A nor'easter is a macro-scale extratropical cyclone in the western North Atlantic ocean.	atlantic ocean,north atlantic,western north,extratropical cyclone,scale extratropical,macro,atlantic,scale,north,extratropical,western,cyclone,nor'easter,ocean
Webster Groves High School is a public secondary school in Webster Groves, Missouri, United States.	webster groves,high school,groves high,secondary school,public secondary,united states,school,groves,united,missouri,webster,high,public,secondary,states
David Vandervelde is an American indie pop songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist.	pop songwriter,indie pop,american indie,david vandervelde,vandervelde,multi,american,producer,indie,songwriter,david,instrumentalist
Oskaloosa High School is the public high school in Oskaloosa, Kansas, United States.	high school,public high,united states,oskaloosa high,oskaloosa,high,school,united,kansas,public,states
A Canine Sherlock Holmes is a lost 1912 English silent short film crime drama directed by Stuart Kinder and produced and released by Charles Urban Trading Company.	trading company,urban trading,stuart kinder,crime drama,charles urban,film crime,short film,silent short,sherlock holmes,english silent,sherlock,trading,holmes,urban,lost,charles,english,kinder,silent,stuart
Holoviak Glacier is a glacier flowing west into the head of Mendelssohn Inlet, facing towards the Wilkins Ice Shelf on the north side of the Beethoven Peninsula, lying in the southwestern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	alexander island,southwestern portion,beethoven peninsula,ice shelf,wilkins ice,mendelssohn inlet,holoviak glacier,glacier,island,alexander,portion,southwestern,peninsula,beethoven,north,shelf
William McCrary Ray II is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia.	united states,states district,district judge,northern district,district court,ray ii,mccrary ray,william mccrary,district,united,mccrary,court,northern,states,judge,william
The International Alliance of Women is an international non-governmental organization that works to promote women's human rights around the world, focusing particularly on empowerment of women and development issues and more broadly on gender equality.	gender equality,development issue,human right,governmental organization,international non,international alliance,woman,international,gender,issue,development,right,world,governmental,human
Floh de Cologne were a German band, active from 1966 to 1983, regarded as a pioneer of krautrock and Political Satire Music.	satire music,political satire,german band,cologne,satire,german,political,band,krautrock,active,pioneer,floh,music
Cora Sherlock is a writer, blogger and campaigner in the Irish anti-abortion movement who describes herself as pro-life.	abortion movement,cora sherlock,sherlock,writer,movement,blogger,abortion,campaigner,irish,cora,life
In differential geometry, a Clifford module bundle, a bundle of Clifford modules or just Clifford module is a vector bundle whose fibers are Clifford modules, the representations of Clifford algebras.	clifford module,module bundle,vector bundle,clifford algebra,differential geometry,clifford,bundle,module,geometry,representation,fiber,vector,differential,algebra
The Michigan Mathematics Prize Competition is an annual high school mathematics competition held in Michigan.	mathematic competition,school mathematic,high school,prize competition,annual high,mathematics prize,michigan mathematics,competition,high,school,mathematics,annual,mathematic,michigan,prize
The tiger grouper is a species of fish in the family Serranidae.	family serranidae,tiger grouper,grouper,family,species,fish,tiger,serranidae
Simon Montagu McBurney, OBE is an English actor, writer and director.	english actor,montagu mcburney,simon montagu,montagu,writer,mcburney,actor,english,simon,director
Footner Lake is a settlement in northern Alberta, Canada within Mackenzie County.	mackenzie county,northern alberta,footner lake,lake,mackenzie,settlement,canada,northern,alberta,footner,county
The state of Punjab is renowned for its cuisine, culture and history.	punjab,culture,cuisine,state,history
McDavitt Township is a township in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States.	united states,louis county,saint louis,mcdavitt township,township,united,minnesota,county,louis,saint,states,mcdavitt
Nagygeresd is a village in Vas county, Hungary with a population 266 inhabitants by 1 January 2010.	village,inhabitant,population,county,hungary,nagygeresd,january
Matilda Petersen is a Swedish female badminton player.	badminton player,female badminton,swedish female,matilda petersen,petersen,badminton,swedish,female,matilda,player
Plagodis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	genus,family,moth,plagodis,geometridae
Naya Din Nai Raat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by A. Bhimsingh.	a. bhimsingh,drama film,bollywood drama,nai raat,din nai,naya din,film,raat,drama,bollywood,naya,bhimsingh
Julian Raymond Marvin Gray is an English professional footballer who last played for Walsall.	professional footballer,english professional,marvin gray,raymond marvin,julian raymond,raymond,footballer,marvin,professional,gray,english,julian,walsall
Osborne Beeman Wiseman was a naval aviator United States Navy during World War II who was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously for his heroism in the Battle of Midway.	navy cross,war ii,world war,states navy,united states,aviator united,naval aviator,beeman wiseman,osborne beeman,navy,beeman,battle,wiseman,naval,heroism,aviator,united,cross,states
Saqsin (a.k.a.	saqsin,a.k.a
Quercus series Virentes ─ also called subsection Virentes ─ is a monophyletic group of seven North American evergreen or brevideciduous live oak species within the genus Quercus subgenus Quercus section Quercus.	section quercus,virentes ─,quercus section,oak specie,subgenus quercus,quercus subgenus,live oak,brevideciduous live,american evergreen,subsection virentes,quercus,virentes,brevideciduous,live,evergreen,american,specie,north
Sefa-utaki , meaning "purified place of Utaki," is an historical sacred space, overlooking Kudaka Island, that served as one of the key locations of worship in the native religion of the Ryukyuan people for millennia.	ryukyuan people,native religion,key location,kudaka island,sacred space,historical sacred,purified place,utaki,people,ryukyuan,religion,native,worship,location,island,kudaka
Salt-en-Donzy is a commune in the Loire department in central France.	central france,loire department,donzy,central,commune,department,loire,salt,france
Kannauj City railway station is a proposed railway station in Kannauj district, Uttar Pradesh.	railway station,uttar pradesh,kannauj district,city railway,kannauj city,kannauj,uttar,district,railway,city,station,pradesh
The Sabarna Ray Chaudhury family were the Zamindars of the Kolkata area, prior to the arrival of the British.	kolkata area,chaudhury family,ray chaudhury,sabarna ray,arrival,chaudhury,area,family,kolkata,zamindars,sabarna,british
Wonderbug is a segment of the first and second season of the American television series The Krofft Supershow, from 1976 to 1978.	krofft supershow,television series,american television,second season,segment,krofft,second,series,season,television,american,wonderbug,supershow
Lyme Art Association is a non-profit art organization established in 1914, with roots going back to 1902.	art organization,profit art,art association,lyme art,organization,association,profit,root,lyme
The Tony Award for Best Revival was given to the best play, musical or non-musical, which had already appeared on Broadway in a previous production.	previous production,good play,good revival,tony award,good,musical,previous,award,broadway,play,production,tony,revival
Core Medical Training is the two-year part of postgraduate medical training following Foundation Year 1 and 2, successful completion of which is required to enter higher training in the medical subspecialties.	medical training,medical subspecialtie,high training,successful completion,postgraduate medical,foundation year,core medical,medical,training,year,completion,high,successful,postgraduate,foundation,core,subspecialtie
Tučep is a village/settlement in the Istok municipality, Kosovo.The village was predominantly Serb.	village,istok,municipality,settlement,kosovo,tučep,serb
Frank E. Kirby was a naval architect in the Detroit, Michigan area in the early 20th century.	michigan area,naval architect,e. kirby,frank e.,kirby,early,naval,area,architect,michigan,detroit,frank
Srednji Vrh ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Polhov Gradec in the Municipality of Dobrova–Polhov Gradec in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	polhov gradec,carniola region,upper carniola,hill west,srednji vrh,gradec,polhov,region,settlement,carniola,hill,upper,west,municipality
This is a timeline documenting the events of heavy metal in the year 1995.	event,metal,heavy,timeline,year
Georgiana Wilmerding Phelps was an American socialite who was prominent in New York society during the Gilded Age.	gilded age,york society,new york,american socialite,wilmerding phelps,georgiana wilmerding,wilmerding,gilded,phelps,society,american,york,socialite,prominent,georgiana
Submission is a 2010 Swedish documentary film directed by Stefan Jarl and narrated by Stellan Skarsgård.	stellan skarsgård,stefan jarl,documentary film,swedish documentary,swedish,stellan,documentary,jarl,film,stefan,submission,skarsgård
Church is a village in Hyndburn, Lancashire, England.	village,lancashire,hyndburn,church,england
The 1949 Saint Louis Billikens football team represented St.	football team,billikens football,louis billikens,saint louis,louis,team,billikens,football,saint
Thomas Parsons was an American politician from New York.	new york,american politician,thomas parsons,parsons,american,politician,thomas,york
Thoracibidion io is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,thoracibidion io,family,species,beetle,thoracibidion,cerambycidae
Chaudhry Zaheer Ud Din is a Pakistani politician is the current Provincial Minister of Punjab for Public Prosecution, in office since 6 September 2018.	public prosecution,provincial minister,current provincial,pakistani politician,ud din,zaheer ud,chaudhry zaheer,zaheer,office,prosecution,public,pakistani,punjab,politician,minister
Puzzle Muteson is a project of singer/songwriter Terry Magson from the Isle of Wight.	terry magson,songwriter terry,puzzle muteson,muteson,isle,project,magson,singer,terry,songwriter,puzzle,wight
The Quincy Jets were a former single-A minor league affiliate of the New York Mets from 1962 through 1963.	york mets,new york,league affiliate,minor league,a minor,quincy jet,york,single,affiliate,minor,league,quincy,mets
De Bello Hispaniensi is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries, De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili, and its sequels by two different unknown authors De Bello Alexandrino and De Bello Africo.	de bello,bello hispaniensi,latin work,julius caesar,bello gallico,bello civili,different unknown,unknown author,author de,bello alexandrino,bello,work,julius,different,latin,caesar,sequel,unknown,hispaniensi
The 2016 Lale Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	hard court,outdoor hard,tennis tournament,professional tennis,lale cup,hard,professional,outdoor,tennis,tournament,lale,court
Port Hacking , an open youthful tide dominated, drowned valley estuary, is located in southern Sydney, New South Wales, Australia approximately 30 kilometres south of Sydney central business district.	business district,south wales,central business,sydney central,new south,southern sydney,valley estuary,youthful tide,open youthful,port hacking,sydney,hacking,business,open,youthful,tide,valley,central,estuary,wales
alJazeera Jobs is a job board formed in 2007 by a group of recruitment professionals, and funded by Aljazeera Publishing.	aljazeera publishing,recruitment professional,job board,aljazeera jobs,aljazeera,board,group,recruitment,jobs,professional,publishing
Rock Falls is an unincorporated community in the town of Rock Creek, Dunn County, Wisconsin, United States.	united states,dunn county,rock creek,unincorporated community,rock falls,rock,united,wisconsin,county,dunn,creek,unincorporated,community,falls,town
Dungannon FC is a rugby union club from Dungannon, Northern Ireland, playing in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.	ireland league,northern ireland,union club,rugby union,dungannon fc,ireland,dungannon,rugby,union,club,division,northern
Johannes "Hans" Nieuwenburg is a former water polo defender from the Netherlands, who participated in two Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,polo defender,water polo,hans,summer,nieuwenburg,netherlands,water,defender,polo,johanne,olympics
Walter's Mill is a tower mill at Mark Cross, Sussex, England which has been converted to residential accommodation.	residential accommodation,mark cross,tower mill,mill,residential,england,mark,sussex,cross,accommodation,walter,tower
Leonard Nienhuis is a Dutch footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Sparta Rotterdam in the Dutch Eredivisie.	dutch eredivisie,sparta rotterdam,dutch footballer,leonard nienhuis,dutch,nienhuis,goalkeeper,sparta,footballer,rotterdam,leonard,eredivisie
Jagodnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cmolas, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,subcarpathian voivodeship,kolbuszowa county,gmina cmolas,administrative district,village,eastern,administrative,south,district,voivodeship,gmina,subcarpathian,cmolas,county
Węgry  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	western poland,silesian voivodeship,low silesian,wrocław county,gmina żórawina,administrative district,village,western,administrative,south,district,voivodeship,gmina,silesian,żórawina
Roberta L. Rudnick is an American earth scientist and professor of geology at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	santa barbara,earth scientist,american earth,l. rudnick,roberta l.,santa,rudnick,california,american,university,earth,geology,scientist,professor
Foulgo is a village in the Boudry Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso.	burkina faso,central burkina,ganzourgou province,boudry department,village,burkina,boudry,central,department,province,ganzourgou,foulgo,faso
The men's 4 × 100 metres relay event at the 2005 Summer Universiade was held on 19–20 August in Izmir, Turkey.	summer universiade,relay event,metre relay,izmir,metre,august,relay,universiade,event,summer,turkey
Sverre Malvin Stensheim is a retired Norwegian cross-country skier.	country skier,norwegian cross,retired norwegian,malvin stensheim,sverre malvin,malvin,country,stensheim,cross,retired,norwegian,sverre,skier
Itiati is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.	settlement,central,kenya,itiati,province
Muru is a river in Jotunheimen in southern Norway.	river,southern,jotunheimen,muru,norway
Housekeeping is a novel by Marilynne Robinson, published in 1980.	novel,marilynne,housekeeping,robinson
Shlomo Dayan is an Israeli rabbi and former politician.	israeli rabbi,shlomo dayan,dayan,rabbi,israeli,shlomo,politician
Zderaz is a small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	czech republic,pardubice region,small village,small,czech,village,region,pardubice,zderaz,republic
Michal Vinik is an Israeli filmmaker, director and screenwriter.	israeli filmmaker,michal vinik,vinik,director,israeli,filmmaker,michal,screenwriter
Fincastle County, Virginia, was created in 1772 from Botetourt County, the boundaries of which extended all the way to the Mississippi River.	mississippi river,botetourt county,fincastle county,county,mississippi,boundary,virginia,botetourt,river,fincastle
Kikpeou is a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-western Togo.	western togo,kara region,bassar prefecture,village,western,bassar,north,prefecture,region,kara,kikpeou,togo
Patriot Games is a thriller novel, written by Tom Clancy and published on July 1987.	tom clancy,thriller novel,patriot games,games,clancy,thriller,novel,patriot,july
Ian Budge is a political scientist who has pioneered the use of quantitative methods in studying party democracy across countries.	party democracy,quantitative method,political scientist,ian budge,budge,democracy,political,party,scientist,method,quantitative,country
Nosheen Saeed is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.	national assembly,pakistani politician,nosheen saeed,saeed,assembly,pakistani,national,politician,member,nosheen,pakistan
Bob Weinhauer is an American former basketball coach and executive.	basketball coach,bob weinhauer,weinhauer,coach,american,basketball,executive
The Big Snake of the World is a Canadian drama film, directed by Yves Dion and released in 1999.	yves dion,drama film,canadian drama,big snake,snake,yves,world,film,canadian,drama,dion
The Wetlands Institute is a non-profit organization started in 1969 by the executive director of WWF, Herbert Mills.	herbert mills,executive director,profit organization,wetlands institute,institute,herbert,profit,director,organization,executive,wetlands,mills
Princess Peter of Greece and Denmark ; 4 October 1904 – 13 March 1990), formerly Irina, marquise de Monléon, was a white émigré who married the anthropologist Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark and assisted him in his research.	prince peter,anthropologist prince,white émigré,de monléon,marquise de,princess peter,peter,denmark,monléon,marquise,white,irina,émigré,march,anthropologist
The 1966 Chatham Cup was the 39th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.	new zealand,football competition,knockout football,nationwide knockout,annual nationwide,chatham cup,competition,annual,football,nationwide,knockout,chatham,zealand
Ricky Dene Gervais is an English stand-up comedian, actor, director, screenwriter and singer.	dene gervais,ricky dene,dene,screenwriter,gervais,director,english,actor,comedian,ricky,singer
The Bucmer River is a tributary of the Camăr River in Romania.	camăr river,bucmer river,river,tributary,camăr,bucmer,romania
Little Beaver Creek is a stream in Douglas, Christian and Taney counties of southern Missouri.The stream headwaters arise in northwestern Douglas County on the east flank of Keyger Mountain just east of Missouri Route AK to the northwest of Arden and south of Dogwood and about nine miles west-northwest of Ava.	mile west,route ak,missouri route,keyger mountain,east flank,douglas county,northwestern douglas,stream headwater,southern missouri,beaver creek,northwest,missouri,stream,county,douglas,beaver,dogwood,mile,arden,west
Valley Springs is a census-designated place in Calaveras County, California, United States.	united states,calaveras county,valley springs,springs,united,census,california,place,county,calaveras,valley,states
The Paulet Baronetcy, of West Hill Lodge in the County of Southampton, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.	united kingdom,hill lodge,west hill,paulet baronetcy,baronetcy,united,west,baronetage,hill,title,lodge,southampton,county,paulet
Marc Pfister is a Swiss curler from Schalunen.As a junior curler, Pfister played third for Switzerland at the 2009 World Junior Curling Championships, where they finished sixth.	curling championships,junior curling,junior curler,world junior,swiss curler,marc pfister,pfister,junior,curler,championships,curling,switzerland,world,swiss,schalunen,sixth
The Mariners' Museum and Park is located in Newport News, Virginia, United States.	united states,newport news,museum,united,park,virginia,newport,news,mariners,states
WJKN is a non-commercial Catholic talk radio station in Jackson, Michigan, United States of America.	united states,radio station,talk radio,catholic talk,commercial catholic,states,commercial,united,catholic,michigan,talk,jackson,radio,station
Badsell in the parish of Tudeley in Kent, is an historic estate, near today's village of Paddock Wood.	paddock wood,historic estate,parish,paddock,tudeley,village,kent,today,historic,estate,badsell,wood
Guðrún Erlendsdóttir is an Icelandic lawyer and judge.	icelandic lawyer,guðrún erlendsdóttir,erlendsdóttir,lawyer,icelandic,guðrún,judge
Bar Tzuf Botzer is an Israeli tennis player.	tennis player,israeli tennis,tzuf botzer,botzer,tennis,israeli,tzuf,player
Dan Ar Braz is a Breton guitarist-singer-composer and the founder of L'Héritage des Celtes, a 50-piece Pan-Celt band.	celt band,des celtes,breton guitarist,l'héritage des,ar braz,dan ar,celt,braz,breton,celtes,guitarist,singer,l'héritage
Bojtina ) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	northeastern slovenia,slovenska bistrica,pohorje hills,settlement,northeastern,pohorje,bistrica,hills,slovenska,municipality,bojtina,slovenia
A wall newspaper or placard newspaper is a hand-lettered or printed newspaper designed to be displayed and read in public places, such as walls.	public place,placard newspaper,wall newspaper,newspaper,place,wall,public,placard,hand
Cryptolechia rectimarginalis is a moth in the Depressariidae family.	depressariidae family,cryptolechia rectimarginalis,rectimarginalis,depressariidae,moth,cryptolechia,family
Richard Goulooze is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a right back.	professional footballer,richard goulooze,goulooze,footballer,dutch,professional,richard,right
Barham is a village and civil parish in the City of Canterbury district of Kent, England.	canterbury district,civil parish,village,kent,civil,district,parish,canterbury,city,barham,england
Zoo Keeper is an arcade game created by Taito America and released in 1982.	taito america,arcade game,zoo keeper,keeper,taito,arcade,game,america
The Florida Music Education Association is a non-profit umbrella association of music education groups in the State of Florida that sets standards for the state in music education, provides continuing education and training opportunities to music educators in the state, provides a job bank for music educators, promotes the interests of music education with state and federal legislators, and showcases the top talents in high school and college jazz, concert band, classical and choral performance in their annual FMEA All-State honor bands and orchestras at their annual meeting in Tampa in January of each year.	music education,annual meeting,honor band,education association,education group,umbrella association,state honor,profit umbrella,music educator,fmea all,state,music,education,annual,band,association,january,tampa,school,high
Frank Mills was an American character actor who made over 300 television and film appearances between 1928-61.	film appearance,character actor,american character,frank mills,mills,film,american,television,character,actor,frank,appearance
Mahatma Hansraj Modern School is a private senior secondary school in Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh, India.	uttar pradesh,secondary school,senior secondary,private senior,modern school,hansraj modern,mahatma hansraj,school,pradesh,hansraj,uttar,modern,jhansi,senior,private,secondary,india
SS Great Republic was a sidewheel steamship and the largest passenger liner on the US west coast when it ran aground near the mouth of the Columbia River, on Sand Island, south of Ilwaco, Washington, in 1879, in a region of frequent wrecks known as the Graveyard of the Pacific.	frequent wreck,sand island,west coast,columbia river,us west,passenger liner,large passenger,sidewheel steamship,great republic,ss great,great,graveyard,republic,wreck,sidewheel,frequent,steamship,region,large,washington
The 2012–13 National First Division was played from September 2012 until May 2013, and is the second tier of South Africa's professional football.	professional football,south africa,second tier,first division,national first,first,professional,division,africa,september,south,tier,second,national
Callavia is an extinct, monotypic genus of trilobite arthropods.	trilobite arthropod,monotypic genus,extinct,trilobite,monotypic,genus,callavia,arthropod
The Lockheed L-749 Constellation is the first Lockheed Constellation to regularly cross the Atlantic Ocean non-stop.	ocean non,atlantic ocean,lockheed constellation,constellation,ocean,atlantic,lockheed,stop
Lieutenant Bolesław Kontrym , also known by codenames Żmudzin, Biały, Bielski and Cichocki, was a Polish Army officer, a Home Army soldier, participant in the Warsaw Uprising and organizer of underground secret-police force Cichociemni.	force cichociemni,police force,underground secret,warsaw uprising,army soldier,home army,army officer,codename żmudzin,polish army,bolesław kontrym,army,force,bolesław,police,kontrym,secret,codename,underground,żmudzin,organizer
Micropolygyria, also known as polymicrogyria, polygyria, or microgyria, is a neuronal migration disorder, a developmental anomaly of the brain characterized by development of numerous small convolutions , causing intellectual disability and/or other neurological disorders.	neurological disorder,intellectual disability,small convolution,developmental anomaly,numerous small,migration disorder,neuronal migration,disorder,polymicrogyria,polygyria,microgyria,neuronal,numerous,small,development,convolution,brain
Mark Andrew Murray is president of the Meijer chain of stores, based in Michigan.	meijer chain,andrew murray,mark andrew,andrew,store,murray,chain,president,meijer,mark,michigan
Alain Masson is a Canadian former cyclist and cross-country skier who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Winter Olympics, and in the 1992 Winter Olympics.	winter olympics,summer olympics,country skier,alain masson,masson,olympics,canadian,summer,cyclist,skier,cross,country,alain,winter
Gandana Mane is a 2007 Kannada movie directed by S. Mahendar.	s. mahendar,kannada movie,gandana mane,mane,kannada,movie,gandana,mahendar
Syletor imerinae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Syletor.	genus syletor,family carabidae,syletor imerinae,syletor,imerinae,species,beetle,family,carabidae,specie,genus
Pont-l'Évêque is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.	northern france,oise department,l'évêque,northern,commune,department,oise,pont,france
The Brooklyn Ward's Wonders were a professional baseball team based in Brooklyn, New York, that played in the Players' League for one season in 1890.	new york,baseball team,professional baseball,brooklyn ward,brooklyn,league,players,york,professional,wonder,baseball,ward,team
Saint-Léger-du-Bourg-Denis is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.	northern france,normandy region,maritime department,léger,northern,region,bourg,normandy,denis,department,commune,maritime
Belikov is a Russian male surname, its feminine counterpart is Belikova.	feminine counterpart,male surname,russian male,russian,counterpart,male,feminine,surname,belikov,belikova
Belgium competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy.	summer,rome,olympics,belgium,italy
HMS Yeoman has been the name of more than one ship of the British Royal Navy, and may refer to:	royal navy,british royal,hms yeoman,yeoman,royal,ship,british,navy
The 1988–89 Cypriot Third Division was the 18th season of the Cypriot third-level football league.	football league,level football,third division,cypriot third,cypriot,football,level,division,third,season,league
Trabzonspor are a professional Turkish sports club located in the city of Trabzon, Turkey.	sport club,turkish sport,professional turkish,professional,trabzon,turkish,city,sport,club,trabzonspor,turkey
Herbert Looker was the Conservative MP for the South East Essex constituency from 1924 to 1929.	essex constituency,east essex,south east,conservative mp,herbert looker,looker,essex,conservative,east,south,herbert,constituency
Patiki Paeen is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	baluchestan province,zahedan county,central district,rural district,ziarat rural,cheshmeh ziarat,patiki paeen,district,paeen,province,village,baluchestan,cheshmeh,sistan,ziarat,county,rural
GURPS Ice Age is a sourcebook for the GURPS role-playing game.	playing game,gurps role,ice age,gurps ice,gurps,playing,role,sourcebook,game
Latency is a time interval between the stimulation and response, or, from a more general point of view, a time delay between the cause and the effect of some physical change in the system being observed.	physical change,time delay,general point,time interval,time,change,physical,effect,because,response,general,stimulation,point,delay
EMPIRE is the third studio album by American recording artist Frankie DeCarlos.	frankie decarlos,artist frankie,studio album,studio,frankie,album,artist,american,empire,decarlos
A tone contour, or contour tone, is a tone in a tonal language which shifts from one pitch to another over the course of the syllable or word.	tonal language,contour tone,tone contour,tone,syllable,course,pitch,language,tonal,contour,word
MacAndrew is a Scottish surname.	scottish,macandrew,surname
Frichemesnil is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.	northern france,normandy region,maritime department,commune,northern,seine,region,maritime,normandy,department,frichemesnil,france
A doge ; plural dogi or doges) was an elected lord and chief of state in many of the Italian city-states during the medieval and renaissance periods.	renaissance period,italian city,plural dogi,state,doge,renaissance,medieval,plural,dogi,lord,chief,italian,city
Hamzah Saleh is a former Saudi Arabian footballer who played as a midfielder.	arabian footballer,saudi arabian,hamzah saleh,saleh,footballer,saudi,arabian,hamzah,midfielder
Problepsis longipannis is a moth of the family Geometridae.	family geometridae,problepsis longipannis,longipannis,family,moth,problepsis,geometridae
Rebbeca Marie Gomez , is an American singer, songwriter and actress.	american singer,marie gomez,rebbeca marie,marie,songwriter,gomez,singer,american,rebbeca,actress
Marcus Sedatius Severianus was a Roman senator, suffect consul, and general during the 2nd century AD, originally from Gaul.	century ad,suffect consul,roman senator,sedatius severianus,marcus sedatius,sedatius,severianus,century,roman,senator,general,suffect,consul
Desulfovibrio acrylicus is a bacterium from the genus of Desulfovibrio which has been isolated from marine sediments from the Wadden Sea.	wadden sea,marine sediment,desulfovibrio acrylicus,desulfovibrio,wadden,sediment,marine,bacterium,acrylicus,genus
The Porvenir massacre was an incident on January 28, 1918 outside the village of Porvenir in Presidio County, Texas in which Texas Rangers, U.S. Cavalry soldiers, and local ranchers killed 15 Mexican villagers.	mexican villager,local rancher,cavalry soldier,u.s. cavalry,texas rangers,presidio county,porvenir massacre,porvenir,texas,mexican,rancher,local,soldier,cavalry,u.s.,incident,january
The Fowler Company Building is a historic building located in Waterloo, Iowa, United States.	united states,historic building,company building,fowler company,building,united,company,iowa,waterloo,states,fowler,historic
Glyptotherium is an extinct genus of glyptodont, a group of extinct mammals related to the armadillos living from the Middle to Late Pleistocene, approximately 1.8 million to 12,000 years ago .	late pleistocene,extinct mammal,extinct genus,extinct,pleistocene,late,middle,armadillo,mammal,glyptodont,genus,group,year
The Karakhan Manifesto was a statement of Soviet policy toward China dated 25 July 1919.	soviet policy,karakhan manifesto,manifesto,china,statement,policy,soviet,karakhan,july
Rebala Heritage Reserve is a heritage conservation area in Jõelähtme Parish, east of Estonia's capital, Tallinn.	jõelähtme parish,conservation area,heritage conservation,heritage reserve,rebala heritage,heritage,capital,estonia,conservation,east,area,parish,jõelähtme,tallinn,rebala
Grabovo is a place south of Vukovar, Croatia.	place,vukovar,grabovo,croatia
The Earth Charter is an international declaration of fundamental values and principles considered useful by its supporters for building a just, sustainable, and peaceful global society in the 21st century.	global society,fundamental value,peaceful global,international declaration,earth charter,charter,international,society,declaration,global,fundamental,peaceful,value,sustainable
Last Night is a 2010 romantic drama film that was written and directed by Massy Tadjedin; her directorial debut.	directorial debut,massy tadjedin,drama film,romantic drama,last night,night,directorial,romantic,tadjedin,drama,massy,film,last,debut
Saint Petersburg was constructed in 1703.	saint,petersburg
BabagaNewz was a full-color Jewish classroom magazine that was published from 2001-08.	classroom magazine,jewish classroom,color jewish,color,classroom,jewish,babaganewz,magazine
Neo-Impressionism is a term coined by French art critic Félix Fénéon in 1886 to describe an art movement founded by Georges Seurat.	georges seurat,art movement,félix fénéon,critic félix,art critic,french art,impressionism,georges,term,movement,french,félix,critic,fénéon
Atelopus erythropus, the Carabaya stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Peru.	bufonidae endemic,stubfoot toad,family bufonidae,carabaya stubfoot,atelopus erythropus,toad,erythropus,endemic,carabaya,bufonidae,stubfoot,family,atelopus,peru,species
Famões is a former civil parish in the municipality of Odivelas, Portugal.	civil,odivelas,parish,municipality,famões,portugal
Malyovitsa Crag is a rocky peak rising to 290 m in the east extremity of Delchev Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	shetland islands,south shetland,livingston island,tangra mountains,delchev ridge,east extremity,rocky peak,malyovitsa crag,crag,islands,rocky,shetland,peak,south,island,east,livingston
Betty Louise McCollum  is the U.S. Representative for Minnesota's 4th congressional district, serving since 2001.	congressional district,u.s. representative,louise mccollum,betty louise,louise,congressional,mccollum,u.s.,minnesota,representative,betty,district
Manila Fashion Festival is a fashion clothing trade show held bi-annually in Manila, Philippines showcasing more than 50 local and international designers each season.	international designer,clothing trade,fashion clothing,fashion festival,manila fashion,fashion,manila,designer,international,local,philippines,trade,clothing,season
In computer science, consistent hashing is a special kind of hashing such that when a hash table is resized, only 	hash table,special kind,consistent hashing,computer science,science,hash,consistent,kind,hashing,special,computer,table
  {\displaystyle K/n}	\displaystyle
  keys need to be remapped on average, where 	average
  {\displaystyle K}	\displaystyle
  is the number of keys, and 	number
  {\displaystyle n}
  is the number of slots.	number,slot
Live at Berkeley is the tenth live album by jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone.	nina simone,songwriter nina,jazz singer,live album,tenth live,tenth,nina,live,songwriter,album,pianist,jazz,singer,berkeley,simone
Ajvaj is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	azerbaijan province,west azerbaijan,salmas county,kuhsar district,rural district,chahriq rural,district,province,village,azerbaijan,chahriq,west,rural,county,salmas,iran
Elvira is a female given name.	elvira,female
The Square des Épinettes is a green space in the Épinettes district of Paris .	épinettes district,green space,des épinettes,square des,épinettes,district,green,space,square,paris
Our Russian Front is a 1942 American documentary film directed by Joris Ivens and Lewis Milestone, and narrated by Walter Huston to promote support for the Soviet Union's war effort.	war effort,soviet union,walter huston,lewis milestone,joris ivens,documentary film,american documentary,russian front,-PRON- russian,russian,front,union,american,soviet,documentary,support,film,huston
Roland I. Perusse is the author of Haitian Democracy Restored: 1991–1995, a book about the coup-to-democracy period in Haiti, a political history.He was a Professor of Political Science at the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico.	puerto rico,interamerican university,political science,political history,democracy restored,democracy period,haitian democracy,i. perusse,roland i.,democracy,political,puerto,perusse,university,author,interamerican,haitian,science
Antti Koivumäki was a Finnish poet and musician.	finnish poet,antti koivumäki,koivumäki,poet,finnish,antti,musician
Gianna Rolandi is an American soprano.	american soprano,gianna rolandi,rolandi,american,gianna,soprano
Hafiz Mammadov  , is a businessman who founded and owns the Baghlan Group.	baghlan group,hafiz mammadov,mammadov,baghlan,businessman,hafiz,group
Karmoz is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	neighborhood,alexandria,karmoz,egypt
Shalimar Bagh is a mixed upper segment residential colony in North West Delhi, India.	west delhi,north west,residential colony,segment residential,upper segment,mixed upper,shalimar bagh,bagh,delhi,mixed,west,upper,north,segment,colony,residential,shalimar
Redwood High School is a public secondary school located in the city of Larkspur, Marin County, California, approximately 11 miles north of San Francisco.	san francisco,marin county,secondary school,public secondary,high school,redwood high,school,mile,california,high,county,marin,larkspur,city,public
Edward Denis Kelly was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	catholic church,roman catholic,american prelate,denis kelly,edward denis,denis,catholic,kelly,roman,american,prelate,edward,church
A Fire Warning is a warning issued through the Emergency Alert System in the United States by civil authorities to inform the public of major, uncontrolled fires threatening populated areas and/or major roadways.	major roadway,populated area,civil authority,uncontrolled fire,united states,alert system,emergency alert,fire warning,major,fire,warning,states,united,civil,system,authority,alert,public
Three Letters to the Moon is a studio album by Fabius Constable & Celtic Harp Orchestra, released by Ethnoworld in 2010.	harp orchestra,celtic harp,fabius constable,studio album,moon,orchestra,studio,harp,album,celtic,fabius,constable,letter,ethnoworld
Kirti Shiledar is a singer of Hindustani classical music and an actress on Marathi musical theatre.	musical theatre,marathi musical,classical music,hindustani classical,kirti shiledar,shiledar,musical,singer,marathi,hindustani,actress,classical,music,kirti,theatre
Recurvaria pleurosaris is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.	family gelechiidae,recurvaria pleurosaris,pleurosaris,family,moth,recurvaria,gelechiidae
Scott Olin Wright was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri.	united states,states district,district judge,western district,district court,olin wright,scott olin,district,united,olin,wright,states,judge,court,western,scott,missouri
The Oklahoma CareerTech Hall of Fame is an award given to individuals who, through their outstanding professional and personal achievements, have brought honor and distinction to career and technology education in Oklahoma.	technology education,personal achievement,outstanding professional,careertech hall,oklahoma careertech,oklahoma,careertech,hall,fame,award,individual,outstanding,professional,personal,achievement
Joel Willans is a British copywriter and author.	british copywriter,joel willans,willans,copywriter,british,joel,author
Cryptic Infections an infection caused by an as yet unidentified pathogen which serves as the direct target of the immune response .	immune response,direct target,unidentified pathogen,cryptic infections,infections,immune,infection,target,unidentified,direct,pathogen,cryptic,response
Madison Wolfe is an American actress.	american actress,madison wolfe,wolfe,american,madison,actress
Alberto Johannes Först was a Roman Catholic bishop.	catholic bishop,roman catholic,johannes först,alberto johannes,johannes,catholic,först,roman,alberto,bishop
Thomas Daniel Mottola is an American music executive.	music executive,american music,daniel mottola,thomas daniel,daniel,music,mottola,american,thomas,executive
Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Busch was a German singer and actor.	german singer,ernst busch,wilhelm ernst,friedrich wilhelm,wilhelm,singer,ernst,german,busch,friedrich,actor
The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act, S. 1948 was introduced on Jan 16, 2014.	achievement act,student achievement,immersion student,language immersion,native language,language,immersion,student,achievement,native
Van der Vlist Transport group is an abnormal load specialist, based in Groot-Ammers, Netherlands.	load specialist,abnormal load,transport group,vlist transport,vlist,ammers,transport,groot,group,specialist,abnormal,load,netherlands
In rigid analysis, a branch of mathematics, the Tate algebra over a complete ultrametric field k, named for John Tate, is the subring R of the formal power series ring 	series ring,power series,john tate,field k,formal power,ultrametric field,complete ultrametric,tate algebra,rigid analysis,tate,series,analysis,power,branch,formal,ultrametric,field,mathematic,complete
Ljiljana Mugoša is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,handball player,yugoslav handball,ljiljana mugoša,mugoša,summer,yugoslav,player,handball,ljiljana,olympics
Syne Mitchell is an American novelist in the science fiction genre.	fiction genre,science fiction,american novelist,syne mitchell,mitchell,fiction,american,science,novelist,syne,genre
Emilia Jones is a British child actress.	child actress,british child,emilia jones,jones,child,british,emilia,actress
Nibuwakharka is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal.	central nepal,gandaki zone,syangja district,development committee,village development,village,central,development,zone,committee,gandaki,syangja,district,nibuwakharka,nepal
Gerald Stanley Doyle,  was a Newfoundlander and Canadian businessman who is well known for his compilation of Newfoundland folk music.Doyle was born in King's Cove, Newfoundland, to Thomas Doyle and Margaret Devine.	margaret devine,folk music,thomas doyle,newfoundland folk,canadian businessman,stanley doyle,gerald stanley,doyle,newfoundland,stanley,margaret,canadian,businessman,newfoundlander,compilation,music,king
The Ministry of Health of the Republic of Lithuania is a government department of the Republic of Lithuania.	republic,health,government,lithuania,department,ministry
James Mitchell was a politician in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.	new brunswick,james mitchell,mitchell,brunswick,politician,province,james,canada
The 2011 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 13, 2011.	hockey league,american hockey,cup playoff,calder cup,league,playoff,hockey,american,calder,april
The kong von thom or kong thom plays a melodic line in the Cambodian pinpeat ensemble almost identical to that of the roneat thung .	roneat thung,pinpeat ensemble,cambodian pinpeat,melodic line,kong thom,von thom,kong von,thom,roneat,identical,ensemble,pinpeat,cambodian,line,melodic,kong
Adikaratti is a panchayat town in The Nilgiris district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	tamil nadu,indian state,nilgiris district,panchayat town,panchayat,tamil,town,state,nilgiris,indian,district,adikaratti,nadu
The Great Train Robbery was the robbery of £2.6 million from a Royal Mail train heading from Glasgow to London on the West Coast Main Line in the early hours of 8 August 1963, at Bridego Railway Bridge, Ledburn, near Mentmore in Buckinghamshire, England.After having tampered with the lineside signals in order to bring the train to a halt, a 15-strong gang of robbers led by Bruce Reynolds attacked the train.	bruce reynolds,lineside signal,railway bridge,bridego railway,early hour,main line,coast main,mail train,west coast,train robbery,train,robbery,bridego,august,railway,hour,bridge,early,ledburn,line
Pselnophorus jaechi is a moth of the family Pterophoridae.	family pterophoridae,pselnophorus jaechi,jaechi,family,moth,pselnophorus,pterophoridae
The 2003 Canberra bushfires caused severe damage to the suburbs and outer areas of Canberra, the capital city of Australia, during 18–22 January 2003.	capital city,outer area,severe damage,canberra bushfire,canberra,australia,city,capital,damage,suburb,severe,outer,bushfire,area
İlker Sayan is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Turkish club Sivasspor in the Süper Lig.	süper lig,club sivasspor,professional footballer,turkish club,turkish professional,i̇lker sayan,turkish,süper,sivasspor,sayan,club,footballer,professional,midfielder,i̇lker
Houghton is an unincorporated community in Brown County, South Dakota, United States.	united states,south dakota,brown county,unincorporated community,unincorporated,united,community,dakota,brown,south,county,houghton,states
Fukumoto is a Japanese surname.	japanese,fukumoto,surname
The Chilean naval mutiny of 1931 was a violent rebellion of Chilean Navy enlisted men against the government of Vice President Manuel Trucco.	manuel trucco,president manuel,chilean navy,vice president,violent rebellion,naval mutiny,chilean naval,chilean,manuel,president,vice,government,mutiny,violent,navy,naval
The 1959 Okinawa F-100 crash occurred on June 30, 1959, in the Ishikawa area of then United States -occupied Okinawa.	united states,ishikawa area,okinawa,crash,june,ishikawa,area,united,states
Lakshmi Narayan is a 1951 Hindu mythological film directed by Nanabhai Bhatt starring Meena Kumari and Mahipal in lead roles.	lead role,meena kumari,nanabhai bhatt,mythological film,hindu mythological,lakshmi narayan,narayan,lead,hindu,mahipal,mythological,kumari,film,meena,nanabhai,bhatt
Ruff Endz is an American R&B duo, consisting of members David "Davinch" Chance and Dante "Chi" Jordan from Baltimore, Maryland.	member david,r&b duo,american r&b,ruff endz,endz,baltimore,american,jordan,dante,member,chance
Coriobacterium is a genus of Actinobacteria, in the family Coriobacteriaceae.	genus,family,actinobacteria,coriobacterium,coriobacteriaceae
Eaton is a village and a suburb of the city of Norwich, the county town of Norfolk in the East of England.	village,east,suburb,norfolk,city,town,norwich,county,eaton,england
Kotma tehsil is a fourth-order administrative and revenue division, a subdivision of third-order administrative and revenue division of Anuppur district of Madhya Pradesh.	order administrative,revenue division,madhya pradesh,anuppur district,kotma tehsil,order,division,madhya,tehsil,district,fourth,anuppur,administrative,revenue,subdivision
Ercta trichoneura is a moth in the family Crambidae.	family crambidae,ercta trichoneura,trichoneura,family,moth,ercta,crambidae
Thracia phaseolina is a bivalve mollusc in the family Thraciidae.	family thraciidae,bivalve mollusc,thracia phaseolina,phaseolina,family,bivalve,mollusc,thracia,thraciidae
This is a list of awards and nominations received by Wiz Khalifa.	award,nomination,list,khalifa
The Battleship New Jersey Museum and Memorial is located at 62 Battleship Place, Camden, New Jersey, United States.	new jersey,jersey museum,battleship place,united states,battleship new,jersey,battleship,united,museum,memorial,place,camden,states
Lee Yong-shin is a South Korean voice actress and singer born and raised in Seoul, South Korea.	voice actress,korean voice,south korean,lee yong,south,yong,shin,actress,voice,singer,korean,seoul,korea
The House of Orange-Nassau ), a branch of the European House of Nassau, has played a central role in the politics and government of the Netherlands and Europe especially since William the Silent organized the Dutch revolt against Spanish rule, which after the Eighty Years' War led to an independent Dutch state.	dutch state,eighty years,independent dutch,spanish rule,dutch revolt,central role,european house,dutch,nassau,house,eighty,netherlands,rule,years,europe,government,spanish
South Shaanxi Road is the name of an interchange station between Lines 1, 10 and 12 of the Shanghai Metro.	shanghai metro,interchange station,shaanxi road,south shaanxi,shaanxi,shanghai,road,lines,interchange,station,south,metro
Louis Méthot was a Quebec businessman and political figure.	political figure,quebec businessman,louis méthot,méthot,political,quebec,businessman,louis,figure
Acrolophus goniocentra is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.	family acrolophidae,acrolophus goniocentra,goniocentra,family,moth,acrolophus,acrolophidae
The West Pier is a pier in Brighton, England.	pier,brighton,england,west
The Wonderful Day is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Claude Vital and starring Michel Galabru, Daniel Ceccaldi and Stéphane Hillel.	stéphane hillel,daniel ceccaldi,michel galabru,claude vital,comedy film,french comedy,wonderful day,stéphane,french,ceccaldi,comedy,daniel,film,galabru,claude,michel
James Hardy Vaux was an English-born convict transported to Australia on three separate occasions.	separate occasion,hardy vaux,james hardy,hardy,separate,vaux,australia,english,convict,james,occasion
The Tugur River is a river in the Tuguro-Chumikansky District of Khabarovsk Krai, in the Russian Far East.	far east,russian far,khabarovsk krai,chumikansky district,tugur river,river,russian,krai,khabarovsk,district,chumikansky,tuguro,east,tugur
James Scawen  was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1761 to 1780.	british politician,james scawen,scawen,house,british,politician,james,commons
Shunji Murai is a Japanese rower.	japanese rower,shunji murai,murai,japanese,shunji,rower
Symmetry is a 2003 Polish drama film directed by Konrad Niewolski.	konrad niewolski,drama film,polish drama,polish,konrad,drama,film,symmetry,niewolski
Rocco Morabito is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.	type organisation,italian criminal,rocco morabito,morabito,organisation,italian,type,criminal,mafia,member,ndrangheta,rocco,calabria
Idaea nephelota is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.	family geometridae,idaea nephelota,nephelota,family,species,moth,idaea,geometridae
Aagot Børseth was a Norwegian actress.	norwegian actress,aagot børseth,børseth,norwegian,aagot,actress
Kota Sarang Semut is a small town in Kedah, Malaysia.	small town,sarang semut,kota sarang,sarang,kedah,semut,town,small,kota,malaysia
James Linnell is a writer, teacher, and director.	linnell,teacher,writer,james,director
Aviance UK was an aircraft ground handling agent, operating at 15 airports in the United Kingdom and many more, as part of its alliance, worldwide.	united kingdom,aircraft ground,aviance uk,kingdom,aircraft,united,ground,airport,agent,aviance,alliance
Kamaran is an airport serving the village of Kamaran on Kamaran Island in Yemen.	kamaran,island,airport,village,yemen
The Mexico Trilogy or Mariachi Trilogy is a series of American/Mexican contemporary western action films—El Mariachi, Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico—all written and directed by Robert Rodriguez.	robert rodriguez,el mariachi,action film,western action,contemporary western,mexican contemporary,mariachi trilogy,mexico trilogy,mexico,mariachi,trilogy,robert,western,contemporary,action,mexican,film,american
Patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 also known as adiponutrin , acylglycerol O-acyltransferase or calcium-independent phospholipase A2-epsilon  is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PNPLA3 gene.	independent phospholipase,acylglycerol o,phospholipase domain,like phospholipase,phospholipase,human,enzyme,like,acylglycerol,adiponutrin,acyltransferase,protein
Yoshimitsu Fukuzawa is a Japanese professional golfer.	professional golfer,japanese professional,yoshimitsu fukuzawa,fukuzawa,professional,japanese,yoshimitsu,golfer
Xherdan Shaqiri ; born 10 October 1991) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Liverpool and the Swiss national team.	national team,swiss national,club liverpool,league club,professional footballer,premier league,swiss professional,xherdan shaqiri,swiss,shaqiri,national,october,premier,winger,league,footballer,club,professional
The Scornful Lady is a Jacobean era stage play, a comedy written by Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher, and first published in 1616, the year of Beaumont's death.	john fletcher,francis beaumont,stage play,era stage,jacobean era,scornful lady,beaumont,lady,jacobean,stage,play,comedy,francis,fletcher,john
Lindsay Hanekom is a South African athlete competing in the 400 metres hurdles.	metre hurdle,african athlete,south african,lindsay hanekom,hanekom,metre,south,athlete,african,lindsay,hurdle
An elastomer is a polymer with viscoelasticity and very weak intermolecular forces, and generally low Young's modulus and high failure strain compared with other materials.	failure strain,high failure,low young,intermolecular force,weak intermolecular,polymer,strain,viscoelasticity,failure,weak,high,intermolecular,modulus,force,young
Naseer Pur Kalan is a village in Sargodha, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	punjab province,pur kalan,naseer pur,province,kalan,punjab,village,sargodha,naseer,pakistan
Wu Chaoshu , also known as C.C. Wu, was Foreign Minister of the Republic of China in 1927-8, and was Minister to the United States from 1928 to 1931.	united states,foreign minister,c.c. wu,wu chaoshu,minister,united,chaoshu,c.c.,republic,china,foreign,states
Bhuban is a town and a NAC, located in the subdivision of Kamakhyanagar, Dhenkanal district in the state of Odisha, India.	town,odisha,state,subdivision,district,kamakhyanagar,dhenkanal,bhuban,india
Agin-Buryat Okrug , or Aga Buryatia, is an administrative division of Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia.	zabaykalsky krai,administrative division,aga buryatia,buryat okrug,buryat,krai,okrug,zabaykalsky,division,buryatia,administrative,agin,russia
Chew Valley School is situated within the Chew Valley in Somerset in South West England.	chew valley,valley school,west england,south west,valley,west,south,somerset,chew,school,england
Scottsboro: An American Tragedy is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Daniel Anker and Barak Goodman.	barak goodman,daniel anker,documentary film,american documentary,american tragedy,american,barak,anker,documentary,daniel,film,goodman,scottsboro,tragedy
Neel Mukherjee is an India-born writer who lives in London and writes in English.	mukherjee,london,india,writer,neel,english
WSZ UAV is a series of Chinese multirotor UAV developed by Shandong Wish Plant Protection Machinery Co., Ltd.	machinery co.,protection machinery,plant protection,wish plant,multirotor uav,shandong wish,chinese multirotor,wsz uav,machinery,protection,plant,wish,shandong,chinese,series,multirotor
Francis, Duke of Teck GCB GCVO , known as Count Francis von Hohenstein until 1863, was an Austrian-born nobleman who married into the British royal family.	royal family,von hohenstein,british royal,francis von,count francis,gcb gcvo,teck gcb,francis,royal,british,nobleman,austrian,hohenstein,teck,gcvo
Patrick Harvie is the co-convener of the Scottish Green Party and Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Glasgow region.	glasgow region,scottish parliament,green party,scottish green,patrick harvie,scottish,harvie,glasgow,parliament,convener,party,green,member,patrick
David Earl is a British actor and comedian, best known for his comedy character Brian Gittins.	brian gittins,character brian,comedy character,british actor,david earl,earl,brian,british,character,actor,comedy,comedian,david,gittins
Mänspe is a village in Hiiumaa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	northwestern estonia,hiiu county,hiiumaa parish,village,northwestern,hiiumaa,county,parish,hiiu,mänspe,estonia
The Olympic Class ferries are the newest vessels to the Washington State Ferries fleet.	ferries fleet,state ferries,washington state,new vessel,class ferry,olympic class,class,ferries,ferry,state,washington,vessel,olympic,fleet
Kharino is a rural locality in Gaynsky District, Perm Krai, Russia.	perm krai,gaynsky district,rural locality,rural,krai,locality,perm,gaynsky,district,kharino,russia
Kahnan Kash-e Bala is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	baluchestan province,chabahar county,dashtiari district,rural district,kalat rural,bahu kalat,e bala,kahnan kash,district,kash,province,baluchestan,bala,sistan,village,county,bahu
Bracebridge is a town and the seat of the Muskoka District Municipality in Ontario, Canada.	district municipality,muskoka district,town,ontario,seat,municipality,muskoka,district,bracebridge,canada
Laudenbach is a river of Hesse, Germany.	river,hesse,laudenbach,germany
A watch is a timepiece intended to be carried or worn by a person.	timepiece,watch,person
Eric Tonkin was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League .	football league,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,eric tonkin,tonkin,football,australian,victorian,rule,melbourne,footballer,eric,league
Don't Worry is a song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon featuring vocals from American singer and songwriter Ray Dalton.	ray dalton,songwriter ray,american singer,duo madcon,urban duo,norwegian urban,norwegian,urban,songwriter,singer,madcon,american,vocal,song
Boxing is a popular sport in Cuba.	popular,sport,boxing,cuba
Henry C. Goldmark was an engineer who designed and installed the Panama Canal locks.	canal lock,panama canal,c. goldmark,henry c.,canal,goldmark,panama,engineer,henry,lock
Avi Issacharoff is an Israeli journalist known for his focus on Palestinian affairs.	palestinian affair,israeli journalist,avi issacharoff,issacharoff,palestinian,israeli,focus,journalist,affair
Monte Grosso is a mountain in Haute-Corse, Corsica, France, with an elevation of 1,937 metres .	grosso,elevation,mountain,france,haute,corsica,corse,monte,metre
The Boston University Center for Digital Imaging Arts at Boston University focused on career-oriented education and training in the rapidly emerging digital arts fields of digital filmmaking, photography, 3D animation, graphic and web design, audio production and web development.	boston university,web development,audio production,web design,university center,imaging arts,digital imaging,digital filmmaking,art field,digital,university,animation,audio,graphic,design,production,photography
In medicine, shifting dullness refers to a sign elicited on physical examination for ascites .	dullness,examination,sign,physical,medicine,ascite
The Whangarei Harbour Marine Reserve is a protected area in the North Island of New Zealand.	new zealand,north island,marine reserve,harbour marine,whangarei harbour,harbour,marine,island,reserve,north,area,whangarei,zealand
Tachina brevicornis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in China, Japan, and Russia.	family tachinidae,genus tachina,tachina brevicorni,tachina,japan,china,tachinidae,family,species,brevicorni,genus,russia
Tindegga Ridge is a rock ridge immediately southwest of Ytstenut Peak, at the northeast end of the Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land.	maud land,queen maud,borg massif,northeast end,ytstenut peak,rock ridge,tindegga ridge,ridge,maud,queen,ytstenut,massif,peak,borg,northeast,land
Gilbert Segrave was a medieval Bishop of London.	medieval bishop,gilbert segrave,segrave,bishop,medieval,gilbert,london
Sapphire June Mauricienne Cooper is a former field hockey player from New Zealand, who finished in eight position with the National Women's Field Hockey Team, nicknamed The Black Sticks, at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	field hockey,hockey player,new zealand,summer olympics,black sticks,national women,hockey team,mauricienne cooper,june mauricienne,sapphire june,field,hockey,olympics,june,summer,mauricienne,sticks,black,cooper,position
Kanaka Ha Ma is a noted Kannada poet and columnist.	kannada poet,ha ma,kanaka ha,poet,kannada,kanaka,columnist
Homogenic Live is a live album by Icelandic singer Björk, collecting her favorite performances from her 1997-99 Homogenic Tour.	homogenic tour,favorite performance,singer björk,icelandic singer,live album,homogenic live,homogenic,live,björk,singer,favorite,icelandic,performance,album,tour
N9ve is the eighth album by Brazilian singer, songwriter, arranger, producer Ana Carolina.	ana carolina,producer ana,brazilian singer,eighth album,eighth,album,producer,brazilian,arranger,singer,songwriter,carolina
This article attempts to list the oldest buildings in the state of Texas in the United States of America, including the oldest houses in Texas and any other surviving structures, including those constructed during the Spanish colonization, before independence and statehood.	spanish colonization,old house,united states,old building,texas,independence,colonization,spanish,structure,states,america,united,building
Khakeh is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	isfahan province,golpayegan county,central district,rural district,kenarrudkhaneh rural,district,province,village,isfahan,kenarrudkhaneh,county,rural,golpayegan,iran,khakeh
Alexios Doukas Philanthropenos was a Byzantine nobleman and notable general.	notable general,byzantine nobleman,doukas philanthropenos,alexios doukas,doukas,notable,philanthropenos,nobleman,byzantine,alexios,general
He started his career at Young Planners FC and Ebonyi Angels F.C., before moving to Anambra United.Aneke joined Kaduna United during the 2009-10 season from lower division side Anambra United and scored 13 goals in all competitions, including 10 in the league.	anambra united,kaduna united,low division,angels f.c.,ebonyi angels,planners fc,young planners,united,anambra,young,planners,competition,ebonyi,angels,goal,f.c.
Arsenal TV was a sports television channel devoted to coverage of the English football club Arsenal F.C..	arsenal f.c,club arsenal,football club,television channel,english football,sport television,arsenal tv,arsenal,channel,coverage,television,english,sport,football,club
Anna Cathrine Sethne was a Norwegian educator and trade unionist.	trade unionist,norwegian educator,cathrine sethne,anna cathrine,cathrine,trade,sethne,educator,norwegian,anna,unionist
Bishop Morrow School is an English medium school in Krishnanagar, Nadia, India.	medium school,english medium,morrow school,bishop morrow,school,nadia,morrow,krishnanagar,english,medium,india,bishop
This is a partial list of fictional private investigators — also known as private eyes or PIs — who have appeared in various works of literature, film, television, and games.	private eye,private investigator,fictional private,partial list,private,television,list,film,fictional,literature,work,game
Mordella apphabetica is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	mordellidae family,mordella genus,mordella apphabetica,mordella,family,mordellidae,genus,species,apphabetica,beetle,tenebrionoidea
Kadji Sport Academies is a sports academy and association football team from Békoko, Douala in Cameroon.	football team,association football,sport academy,sport academies,kadji sport,sport,douala,békoko,academy,team,association,football,cameroon,kadji,academies
Dyulino Pass is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains in eastern Bulgaria.	eastern bulgaria,balkan mountains,mountain pass,dyulino pass,pass,eastern,mountains,balkan,bulgaria,dyulino,mountain
The National Crime Victimization Survey , administered by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, is a national survey of approximately 49,000 to 77,400 households twice a year in the United States, on the frequency of crime victimization, as well as characteristics and consequences of victimization.	crime victimization,victimization survey,justice statistics,national survey,household twice,united states,national crime,survey,victimization,crime,national,united,year,states,twice,frequency,justice
Malda Museum is an archaeological museum under the West Bengal Directorate of Archaeology, situated on the Bandh Road of Malda Town.	malda town,bandh road,bengal directorate,west bengal,archaeological museum,malda museum,malda,museum,directorate,archaeology,bengal,bandh,west,road,archaeological,town
The men's long jump event at the 1988 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, at Laurentian University Stadium on 28 and 29 July.	university stadium,junior championships,laurentian university,world junior,jump event,long jump,long,stadium,jump,university,event,laurentian,world,canada,junior,ontario
Manzonia overdiepi is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.	family rissoidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,minute sea,manzonia overdiepi,overdiepi,family,species,micromollusk,minute,mollusk,gastropod,snail,marine
Friedrich Carl Adolf Neelsen was a German pathologist.	german pathologist,adolf neelsen,carl adolf,friedrich carl,carl,german,adolf,neelsen,friedrich,pathologist
The Lesser Lule River is a tributary of the Lule River in north Norrland, in Norrbotten County, Sweden.	lule river,norrbotten county,north norrland,lesser lule,lule,river,county,norrbotten,norrland,north,tributary,sweden,lesser
Kayaönü is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	mersin province,mut district,village,province,mersin,district,kayaönü,turkey
Himatium is a genus of snout and bark beetles in the family Curculionidae.	family curculionidae,bark beetle,genus,family,snout,beetle,bark,himatium,curculionidae
Paweł Drumlak is a Polish footballer.	polish,drumlak,footballer
Alexandra Hargreaves is a former female rugby union player.	union player,rugby union,female rugby,alexandra hargreaves,hargreaves,union,female,rugby,alexandra,player
Arena Khimki is a football stadium in Khimki, Moscow Region, Russia.	moscow region,football stadium,arena khimki,khimki,region,moscow,football,stadium,russia,arena
Ahmad Kaweesa Ssengendo is a botanist, academic, and academic administrator in Uganda.	academic administrator,kaweesa ssengendo,ahmad kaweesa,academic,kaweesa,administrator,ssengendo,botanist,ahmad,uganda
Kuei Shan Senior High School is a high school in Taiwan.	high school,senior high,shan senior,kuei shan,shan,school,senior,high,kuei,taiwan
Nowe Krzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,podlaskie voivodeship,białystok county,gmina zawady,administrative district,nowe krzewo,krzewo,eastern,village,north,administrative,voivodeship,district,podlaskie,gmina,county
Spring Creek Township is a township in Coffey County, Kansas, United States.	united states,coffey county,creek township,spring creek,township,united,kansas,creek,county,coffey,states,spring
Ezra J. Mishan was an English economist best known for his work criticising economic growth.	economic growth,english economist,j. mishan,ezra j.,economic,mishan,work,english,economist,ezra,growth
Taylor "Tay" Baker is a retired American basketball coach.	basketball coach,american basketball,retired american,basketball,baker,american,retired,taylor,coach
William Elliot Kyle, was a Scottish rugby union player, who played as a forward.He was capped twenty one times for Scotland between 1902-1910.	union player,rugby union,scottish rugby,elliot kyle,william elliot,elliot,time,kyle,forward,scottish,player,rugby,union,william,scotland
38°52′N 107°02′WThe Lucky Jack mine is one of the largest molybdenum deposits in the United States.	united states,molybdenum deposit,lucky jack,large molybdenum,united,deposit,lucky,molybdenum,jack,large,states
Katahigashi was a village located in Nishikanbara District, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.	niigata prefecture,nishikanbara district,village,prefecture,nishikanbara,niigata,district,katahigashi,japan
Klein Constantia was a UCI Continental cycling team based in the Czech Republic and a development squad for UCI World Tour team Etixx-Quick Step.	quick step,team etixx,tour team,world tour,uci world,development squad,cycling team,czech republic,continental cycling,uci continental,team,quick,constantia,etixx,development,republic,squad,czech,continental
CKBW-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 98.1 FM in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia.	nova scotia,station broadcasting,radio station,canadian radio,nova,bridgewater,radio,station,canadian,broadcasting,scotia,ckbw
The 1953 Milan–San Remo was the 44th edition of the Milan–San Remo cycle race and was held on 19 March 1953.	san remo,cycle race,remo cycle,remo,race,cycle,milan,edition,march
On 19 December 2014, at 11:20 a.m., police were called to 34 Murray Street in the Cairns suburb of Manoora in Australia, where eight children were found dead.	cairns suburb,murray street,a.m.,child,police,australia,murray,manoora,street,suburb,cairns,december
Paris Jam Session is a live album by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers with guest appearances by Bud Powell and Barney Wilen, recorded at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées in Paris on 18 December 1959.	des champs,théâtre des,barney wilen,bud powell,guest appearance,jazz messengers,art blakey,live album,jam session,paris jam,paris,guest,appearance,messengers,jazz,powell,blakey,barney
William of Tyre (Latin: Willelmus Tyrensis; c.	tyre,tyrensis,latin,willelmus,william
The ACM SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes is published by the Association for Computing Machinery for the Special Interest Group on Software Engineering .	software engineering,engineering notes,computing machinery,special interest,interest group,sigsoft software,acm sigsoft,software,sigsoft,computing,machinery,association,special,notes,interest,engineering,group
Area code 405 serves the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	u.s. state,area code,code,state,u.s.,area,oklahoma
Venícius Ribeiro Mariane Fambre better known as Buru is a Brazilian beach soccer player.	soccer player,beach soccer,mariane fambre,brazilian beach,ribeiro mariane,venícius ribeiro,ribeiro,soccer,mariane,beach,fambre,brazilian,buru,venícius,player
Elsa Liliana Chalá Mejía is a retired female track and field athlete from Ecuador, who competed in the 400 m hurdling and sprints events.	field athlete,female track,retired female,chalá mejía,liliana chalá,elsa liliana,liliana,chalá,ecuador,mejía,athlete,retired,field,female,track
Renaud Barbaras is a French contemporary philosopher.	contemporary philosopher,french contemporary,renaud barbaras,barbaras,contemporary,french,renaud,philosopher
Nishita Goswami is an Indian actress who has appeared primarily in Assamese cinema.	assamese cinema,indian actress,nishita goswami,goswami,assamese,indian,actress,nishita,cinema
Thrive is an audience development agency established in August 2004 by the Arts Council of Northern Ireland to grow and diversify audiences for the arts in Northern Ireland.	northern ireland,arts council,development agency,audience development,audience,northern,august,agency,arts,development,council,ireland,thrive
Venus Flytrap is a character on the television situation comedy WKRP in Cincinnati , played by Tim Reid.	tim reid,comedy wkrp,situation comedy,television situation,venus flytrap,flytrap,character,cincinnati,television,wkrp,situation,comedy,venus,reid
7th Division was an infantry division in the Imperial Japanese Army.	japanese army,imperial japanese,infantry division,division,japanese,imperial,army,infantry
MacDuff's Cross, also known as the Cross of MacDuff or Ninewells, is the remains of an ancient white sandstone monument, located on a historic site between Lindores and Newburgh in Fife, Scotland.	historic site,sandstone monument,white sandstone,ancient white,fife,newburgh,lindores,site,historic,monument,sandstone,white,ancient,remain
Qumenjan is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,south khorasan,qaen county,sedeh district,rural district,paskuh rural,district,province,village,khorasan,paskuh,south,rural,county,qaen,iran
Acer grandidentatum, commonly called bigtooth maple, is a species of maple native to interior western North America.	north america,western north,interior western,maple native,bigtooth maple,acer grandidentatum,maple,north,grandidentatum,western,bigtooth,interior,native,america,acer,species
Adventure Gamers is a computer game website created in March 1999 dedicated to the genre of adventure games.	game website,computer game,adventure gamers,adventure,game,march,website,genre,gamers,computer
This is a list of highways in the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area.	metropolitan area,baytown metropolitan,sugar land,highway,metropolitan,houston,baytown,sugar,land,list,area
The Last Dance is the fourth EP and seventh overall release by English post-rock and experimental rock band Disco Inferno.	disco inferno,band disco,rock band,english post,experimental rock,overall release,seventh overall,fourth ep,last dance,rock,dance,disco,fourth,band,seventh,overall,post,release
North Creake is a village and civil parish in the north west of the English county of Norfolk.	english county,north west,civil parish,north creake,north,county,english,west,village,civil,creake,parish,norfolk
George Robert Jebb was a civil engineer from the United Kingdom.	united kingdom,civil engineer,robert jebb,george robert,robert,united,jebb,engineer,civil,george,kingdom
Sherry Lynn Calvert is a retired female javelin thrower from the United States, who represented her native country twice at the Summer Olympics: 1972 and 1976.	summer olympics,native country,united states,javelin thrower,female javelin,retired female,lynn calvert,sherry lynn,lynn,summer,calvert,country,retired,native,female,states,javelin,united
Peristernia clathrata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	tulip snail,family fasciolariidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,peristernia clathrata,snail,clathrata,species,family,mollusk,fasciolariidae,gastropod,spindle,marine
Kim Mestdagh is a Belgian basketball player for Perfumerias Avenida and the Belgian national team.Mestdagh played U.S. college basketball at Colorado State University from 2008–2012, finishing her career fourth on the Rams' all-time scoring list.She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.	eurobasket women,scoring list,state university,time scoring,colorado state,college basketball,national team,u.s. college,belgian national,perfumerias avenida,mestdagh,basketball,belgian,eurobasket,list,scoring,time,rams,career,university
Alexei "Alex" Severinsky is a Soviet emigre living in the United States.	united states,soviet emigre,alex,united,severinsky,emigre,soviet,alexei,states
Kaxta is a Spanish rock band from Badajoz, Extremadura.	rock band,spanish rock,spanish,badajoz,rock,band,kaxta,extremadura
Bute Street is a street in Cardiff, Wales.	street,cardiff,wales,bute
Barbara J. Keys is a historian of U.S. and international history and Professor of History at the University of Melbourne.	international history,j. keys,barbara j.,history,university,keys,historian,u.s.,international,barbara,melbourne,professor
Justice of the King's Bench, or Justice of the Queen's Bench during the reign of a female monarch, was a puisne judicial position within the Court of King's Bench, under the Chief Justice.	chief justice,judicial position,puisne judicial,female monarch,bench,justice,king,puisne,judicial,monarch,position,female,court,reign
Pandanus whitmeeanus, commonly known as the Samoan pandanus, is a species of Pandanus believed to be native to Vanuatu.	samoan pandanus,pandanus whitmeeanus,pandanus,native,whitmeeanus,samoan,vanuatu,species
The 2002 Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament was played at the Thomas & Mack Center in Las Vegas, Nevada from March 7–9, 2002.	las vegas,mack center,basketball tournament,conference man,west conference,mountain west,west,nevada,conference,vegas,basketball,center,tournament,mack
The Flying Doctors of East Africa is a 1969 documentary film by Werner Herzog about the "flying doctors" service of the African Medical and Research Foundation in Tanzania, Kenya, and Nairobi.	research foundation,african medical,werner herzog,documentary film,east africa,flying doctor,doctor,kenya,tanzania,foundation,research,medical,african,documentary,film,africa
This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in Mexico during 2009.	box office,weekend box,film,office,number,weekend,list,mexico
A public defender is an attorney appointed to represent people who cannot afford to hire one.	defender,attorney,public,people
Fred Hall was an American pianist, bandleader and composer.	american pianist,fred hall,hall,bandleader,american,pianist,fred,composer
Jerry Bibb Balisok was an American professional wrestler known as Mr.	professional wrestler,american professional,bibb balisok,jerry bibb,bibb,wrestler,balisok,professional,american,jerry
SAR Records was a record company founded by soul music legend Sam Cooke in 1961.	sam cooke,legend sam,music legend,soul music,record company,sar records,records,record,legend,company,music,soul,cooke
The canton of Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône is an administrative division of the Val-d'Oise department, Île-de-France region, northern France.	northern france,france region,d'oise department,administrative division,france,saint,ouen,l'aumône,administrative,division,d'oise,department
Phillips Farm, also known as Percy-Pitt Farm, is a historic home located at Suffolk, Virginia.	historic home,pitt farm,phillips farm,farm,suffolk,home,historic,percy,pitt,virginia,phillips
Reproductive initials are filaments below the cuticle surface of algae and fungi which give rise to the bulbs of spore-producing cells .	cuticle surface,reproductive initial,initial,spore,filament,bulb,cuticle,rise,surface,fungus,algae,reproductive
Terrestrials is a collaborative studio album by American drone metal band Sunn O))) and Norwegian experimental music group Ulver.	group ulver,music group,sunn o,experimental music,norwegian experimental,band sunn,metal band,drone metal,american drone,studio album,collaborative,group,studio,music,album,experimental,american,norwegian,drone
Goalball at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.	team event,summer paralympics,summer,team,paralympics,woman,goalball,event
Evan Louro is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for the New York Red Bulls II in United Soccer League.	soccer league,united soccer,bulls ii,red bulls,york red,soccer player,new york,american soccer,evan louro,soccer,louro,american,york,bulls,goalkeeper,player
Burcu Güneş ; born 12 August 1975) is a Turkish singer.	turkish singer,burcu güneş,güneş,turkish,august,burcu,singer
Mary is a tiny lunar impact crater in the southeastern part of the Mare Serenitatis.	mare serenitatis,impact crater,lunar impact,tiny lunar,tiny,mare,lunar,southeastern,impact,crater,mary,serenitatis
The Cubanelle, also known as "Cuban pepper" and "Italian frying pepper", is a variety of sweet pepper of the species Capsicum annuum.	capsicum annuum,specie capsicum,sweet pepper,cuban pepper,pepper,capsicum,cuban,specie,variety,sweet,annuum,cubanelle,italian
John Duncan "Jan" Sturrock OBE was an English rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics, where he was a member of the British boat which won the silver medal in the coxless four event.At the 1938 British Empire Games he was a member of the English boat which won the gold medal in the eight competition.He was born and died in Weymouth, Dorset.	gold medal,english boat,empire games,silver medal,british empire,british boat,summer olympics,great britain,english rower,sturrock obe,medal,english,member,british,boat,duncan,weymouth,sturrock,competition
Edmund Routledge , was a British publisher of boys' magazine and an author of books about sports.	british publisher,edmund routledge,routledge,book,british,author,publisher,magazine,edmund,sport
Marian Cannon Schlesinger was an American artist and author.She published two volumes of her memoir, Snatched from Oblivion: A Cambridge Memoir and I Remember: A Life of Politics, Painting and People, as well as five children's books, which she also illustrated.	cambridge memoir,american artist,a cambridge,cannon schlesinger,marian cannon,memoir,cannon,child,schlesinger,people,american,painting,artist,politics,author
Reggae Sumfest is the largest music festival in Jamaica and the Caribbean, taking place each year in mid-July in Montego Bay.	montego bay,music festival,large music,reggae sumfest,sumfest,montego,large,july,music,festival,year,jamaica,place
The Coastal Batholith of central Chile is a group of plutons in the Chilean Coast Range of Central Chile appearing contiguously from 33° S to 38° S. At a latitude of 40° S an outlying group of plutons of the batholith appear in a more eastward position in the Andes.Together with the Elqui-Limarí Batholith and the Colangüil Batholith, the Coastal Batholith of central Chile is a remnant of the volcanic arcs that erupted the volcanic material of the Choiyoi Group.	central chile,coastal batholith,coast range,chilean coast,° s.,outlying group,choiyoi group,eastward position,volcanic material,batholith,group,chile,volcanic,pluton,central,andes,position,elqui
A moat is a deep, broad ditch, either dry or filled with water, that is dug and surrounds a castle, fortification, building or town, historically to provide it with a preliminary line of defence.	preliminary line,broad ditch,deep,line,broad,preliminary,ditch,town,building,water,fortification
The 1977–78 Lancashire Cup tournament was the sixty-fifth occasion on which the Lancashire Cup had been contested.	lancashire cup,cup tournament,fifth occasion,lancashire,tournament,fifth,occasion
Philip Zialor is a Seychellois footballer.	seychellois footballer,philip zialor,zialor,seychellois,philip,footballer
Arthur Thomas Muggridge was a British long-distance runner.	distance runner,british long,thomas muggridge,arthur thomas,thomas,distance,muggridge,long,british,arthur,runner
The Oarba River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.	horincea river,oarba river,river,tributary,horincea,oarba,romania
Mabyn, also known as Mabena, Mabon, etc., was a medieval Cornish saint.	cornish saint,medieval cornish,mabena,cornish,mabon,medieval,mabyn,saint
Paul L. Anderson was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .	day saint,jesus christ,l. anderson,paul l.,anderson,latter,member,christ,church,jesus,paul,saint
Christopher James Weidman is an American mixed martial artist and actor.	martial artist,mixed martial,american mixed,james weidman,christopher james,james,artist,weidman,martial,american,mixed,christopher,actor
The Australian Suzuki Swift Series is a touring car racing category in Australia.	swift series,suzuki swift,australian suzuki,suzuki,category,swift,series,australian,australia
The 2012/13 FIS Ski Jumping Continental Cup was the 22nd in a row Continental Cup winter season in ski jumping for men and the 8th for ladies.	ski jumping,continental cup,jumping continental,winter season,row continental,cup winter,fis ski,jumping,continental,season,winter
Raven Creek is a tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	united states,columbia county,fishing creek,raven creek,creek,united,pennsylvania,county,columbia,tributary,fishing,states,raven
Kamionka  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	northern poland,pomeranian voivodeship,starogard county,smętowo graniczne,gmina smętowo,administrative district,village,northern,administrative,voivodeship,district,pomeranian,gmina,county,smętowo,starogard
Gertrude "Gert" Boyle is a German-born American businesswoman in the state of Oregon.	gert,state,boyle,businesswoman,german,american,gertrude,oregon
Vladimir Sobachenkov is a retired Soviet KGB officer who served as a bodyguard of Leonid Brezhnev.	leonid brezhnev,kgb officer,soviet kgb,retired soviet,vladimir sobachenkov,sobachenkov,leonid,retired,bodyguard,soviet,officer,vladimir,brezhnev
William Henry Belpitt was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	united states,navy sailor,states navy,high decoration,states military,henry belpitt,william henry,united,states,medal,henry,decoration,high,belpitt,military,sailor,recipient
Susan Linnee was a journalist who served as an Associated Press bureau chief in Madrid and Nairobi.	bureau chief,press bureau,associated press,susan linnee,linnee,madrid,journalist,chief,associated,bureau,press,susan,nairobi
STIKes Kapuas Raya or STIKes Kapuas Raya is a public university located in the city of Sintang in Kapuas Raya, Indonesia.	stikes kapuas,kapuas raya,public university,raya,kapuas,university,city,public,sintang,stikes,indonesia
Shunsuke Watanabe is a Japanese former professional baseball pitcher.	baseball pitcher,professional baseball,shunsuke watanabe,watanabe,baseball,japanese,professional,shunsuke,pitcher
Jonathan was the count of Tusculum from the death of his father, Ptolemy II, in 1153 to his own death.	death,count,tusculum,ptolemy,father,jonathan
Oregon Route 180 is an Oregon state highway running from the community of Eddyville to U.S. Route 20 in Blodgett.	u.s. route,state highway,oregon state,oregon route,route,highway,community,state,eddyville,oregon,u.s.,blodgett
Annette Kirwan was the first wife of Edward Carson, Baron Carson.	baron carson,edward carson,annette kirwan,kirwan,carson,wife,edward,annette,baron
Kędziorki is a Polish village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	central poland,łódź voivodeship,brzeziny county,gmina brzeziny,administrative district,polish village,brzeziny,polish,central,village,voivodeship,administrative,łódź,district,county,gmina
Arkady Renko is a fictional detective who is the central character of eight novels by the American writer Martin Cruz Smith.	cruz smith,martin cruz,writer martin,central character,american writer,fictional detective,arkady renko,renko,cruz,fictional,martin,detective,writer,central,american,character,novel
Live at the Village Vanguard is a live album by trumpeter Red Rodney with multi-instrumentalist Ira Sullivan which was recorded at the Village Vanguard and released on the Muse label in 1980.	village vanguard,red rodney,live album,trumpeter red,ira sullivan,instrumentalist ira,muse label,vanguard,muse,rodney,multi,instrumentalist,trumpeter,album,sullivan
Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport , also known as Paramaribo-Zanderij International Airport, and locally referred to simply as JAP, is an airport located in the town of Zanderij and hub for airline carrier Surinam Airways, 45 kilometres south of Paramaribo.	international airport,zanderij international,surinam airways,carrier surinam,pengel international,airline carrier,adolf pengel,johan adolf,airport,zanderij,international,paramaribo,adolf,pengel,surinam,carrier,airways,airline
Germany has submitted films for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film since the creation of the award in 1956.	language film,foreign language,good foreign,academy award,film,award,foreign,language,good,academy,creation,germany
WRMV-LP is a Positive Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Madison Heights, Virginia and serving Lynchburg, Virginia.	madison heights,radio station,broadcast radio,positive country,virginia,positive,heights,country,madison,broadcast,station,radio,wrmv
Etimesgut Air Base  is an airbase of the Turkish Air Force located 15 km west of Ankara, Turkey.	air force,turkish air,air base,etimesgut air,ankara,force,airbase,base,turkish,turkey,etimesgut
Clifton is a rural community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Colchester County.	colchester county,nova scotia,canadian province,rural community,rural,colchester,community,scotia,canadian,nova,province,clifton,county
The Ambassador of Malaysia to Bosnia and Herzegovina is the head of Malaysia's diplomatic mission to Bosnia and Herzegovina.	malaysia,bosnia,head,diplomatic,herzegovina,mission,ambassador
Bombus distinguendus, the great yellow bumblebee, is a species of bumblebee found in Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Switzerland, northern Russia, and North America.It is an endangered species in Ireland.	north america,northern russia,great britain,czech republic,yellow bumblebee,great yellow,bombus distinguendus,great,species,bumblebee,distinguendus,slovakia,switzerland,northern,romania,russia,poland
Rick Bragg is an American journalist and writer known for non-fiction books, especially those about his family in Alabama.	fiction book,american journalist,rick bragg,bragg,family,american,book,journalist,fiction,writer,rick,alabama
Austroturris is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae.	family borsoniidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,genus,family,mollusk,snail,gastropod,marine,austroturris,borsoniidae
Belenenses is a Portuguese rugby union team.	union team,rugby union,portuguese rugby,portuguese,union,rugby,belenenses,team
Rock and roll is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s from musical styles such as gospel, jump blues, jazz, boogie woogie, and rhythm and blues, along with country music.	country music,boogie woogie,jump blue,musical style,united states,popular music,blue,music,roll,genre,early,musical,late,popular
Keith Newman is an English former professional footballer who played as a half-back in the Football League for Aldershot and York City, and in non-League football for Hungerford Town.	hungerford town,league football,york city,football league,professional footballer,keith newman,football,league,newman,english,hungerford,professional,footballer,york,city,aldershot
In Māori mythology, Irawaru is the origin of the dog.	mythology,origin,irawaru,māori
Carlos Antonio Padilla Velásquez was a Honduran footballer and manager who has the record of winning most titles as coach in the Honduran football league.	football league,honduran footballer,padilla velásquez,antonio padilla,carlos antonio,honduran,antonio,padilla,football,velásquez,record,manager,title,footballer,coach
The 1983 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly, and The Sporting News in 1983.	pro football,sporting news,writers association,football writers,football weekly,enterprise association,league player,newspaper enterprise,associated press,football league,football,association,sporting,press,associated,weekly,newspaper,player,enterprise
Richard Olsen Cowan is a historian of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and a former professor in the Church History Department of Brigham Young University .	young university,brigham young,history department,day saints,church history,jesus christ,olsen cowan,richard olsen,church,young,olsen,brigham,cowan,department,latter,historian,christ
Wallenia fawcettii is a species of plant in the Primulaceae family.	primulaceae family,wallenia fawcettii,fawcettii,primulaceae,species,plant,wallenia,family
Steel First was a junior steel roller coaster located at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in South Whitehall Township, Pennsylvania.	whitehall township,south whitehall,wildwater kingdom,dorney park,roller coaster,steel roller,junior steel,steel first,steel,township,whitehall,south,kingdom,wildwater,park,dorney,coaster,roller
Brahmi is a Unicode block containing characters written in India from the 3rd century BCE through the first millennium CE. It is the predecessor to all modern Indic scripts.	indic script,millennium ce,modern indic,century bce,unicode block,unicode,indic,block,modern,character,predecessor,india,millennium
Anbe Aaruyire is a 2005 Tamil language romantic drama film directed by S. J. Surya.	j. surya,drama film,s. j.,romantic drama,language romantic,tamil language,anbe aaruyire,aaruyire,tamil,language,film,romantic,drama,anbe,surya
The 2012 Supercopa Argentina Final was the 1st edition of the Supercopa, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Argentine Primera División and Copa Argentina competitions.	argentina competition,primera división,argentine primera,football match,previous season,annual football,argentina final,supercopa argentina,argentina,supercopa,season,previous,argentine,winner,primera,match,división,football
Andrew Daly is an American actor, comedian, and writer.	american actor,andrew daly,daly,comedian,american,actor,andrew,writer
James Vernon Taylor is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.	american singer,vernon taylor,james vernon,vernon,songwriter,taylor,singer,american,james,guitarist
Howard Lovecraft and the Undersea Kingdom is a 2017 animated direct-to-video film based on the graphic novel of the same name.	graphic novel,video film,undersea kingdom,howard lovecraft,lovecraft,graphic,undersea,film,kingdom,video,direct,howard,novel
Philip Massinger was an English dramatist.	english dramatist,philip massinger,massinger,english,philip,dramatist
Schwartziella luisi is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Zebinidae.	family zebinidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,minute sea,species,family,minute,micromollusk,mollusk,snail,gastropod,marine,schwartziella
American Driver is a 2017 Nigerian comedy film directed by Moses Inwang starring Evan King, Jim Iyke, Anita Chris, Nse Ikpe Etim, McPc the Comedian, Emma Nyra, Laura Heuston and Ayo Makun.	ayo makun,laura heuston,ikpe etim,emma nyra,nse ikpe,anita chris,jim iyke,evan king,moses inwang,comedy film,driver,nigerian,heuston,comedy,laura,film,nyra,moses,emma
Denver Union Station is the main railway station and central transportation hub in Denver, Colorado.	transportation hub,central transportation,railway station,main railway,union station,denver union,station,denver,transportation,central,union,main,railway,colorado
Sonia Prim Fernández is a Spanish football defender who is the captain of Primera División club Levante UD. She previously played for CF Pozuelo and Atlético Madrid.	atlético madrid,levante ud,cf pozuelo,club levante,división club,football defender,primera división,spanish football,prim fernández,sonia prim,prim,atlético,fernández,pozuelo,spanish,football,defender,levante
Con Solo Pensarlo is a 1998 album by the Belgian singer Axelle Red.	axelle red,singer axelle,belgian singer,solo pensarlo,con solo,solo,axelle,pensarlo,singer,album,belgian
Casimir is an English, French and Latin form of the Polish name Kazimierz.	english,polish,french,form,latin,casimir,kazimierz
The Common Industrial Protocol is an industrial protocol for industrial automation applications.	industrial protocol,automation application,industrial automation,common industrial,industrial,automation,application,common,protocol
Ranjan  was an Indian film actor, singer, journalist and writer.	film actor,indian film,indian,journalist,film,singer,actor,ranjan,writer
Joost van Leijen is a Dutch former professional road cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2010 and 2013.	road cyclist,professional road,van leijen,joost van,professional,leijen,dutch,road,cyclist,joost
David Mullett is an Australian former cricketer.	mullett,australian,david,cricketer
Rialah is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	pakhtunkhwa province,abbottabad district,union council,union,province,council,pakhtunkhwa,abbottabad,khyber,district,rialah,pakistan
Philippe Véron was a French astronomer.	french astronomer,philippe véron,véron,french,philippe,astronomer
Stanley Gabriel "Stan" Tipiloura was an Australian politician.	australian politician,stanley gabriel,gabriel,australian,stan,tipiloura,stanley,politician
Suha Jora is a 2007 Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Pervez Rana starring Shaan, Nargis.	pervez rana,punjabi film,pakistani punjabi,suha jora,jora,shaan,pakistani,rana,punjabi,pervez,film,suha,nargis
AlliedSignal was an American aerospace, automotive and engineering company created through the 1985 merger of Allied Corp.	allied corp.,engineering company,american aerospace,american,allied,aerospace,merger,automotive,company,engineering,alliedsignal,corp.
Rozsokhuvatka, Ukraine, is the site of an ancient mega-settlement dating to 3600 3200 BC belonging to the Cucuteni-Trypillian culture.	trypillian culture,ancient mega,ukraine,trypillian,site,cucuteni,ancient,mega,settlement,rozsokhuvatka,culture
Mustafizur Rahman was a Bangladeshi Army general who served as the Chief of Army Staff of the Bangladesh Army from December 1997 until December 2000.	bangladesh army,army staff,army general,bangladeshi army,mustafizur rahman,army,rahman,bangladeshi,general,chief,staff,bangladesh,december,mustafizur
Calamochrous is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.	genus,family,moth,calamochrous,crambidae
The PL-9 is a short-range, infrared-homing air-to-air missile developed by the People's Republic of China.	short,republic,range,people,infrared,missile,china
The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2005.	notable,death,list,october
Rhamphochromis esox is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers open waters at depths of from 2 to 65 metres .	open water,lake malawi,cichlid endemic,rhamphochromis esox,esox,depth,species,water,cichlid,open,endemic,malawi,lake,rhamphochromis
Microlepidogaster is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.	south america,catfish native,armored catfish,genus,south,armored,native,catfish,microlepidogaster,america
The genus Orius consists of omnivorous bugs in the family Anthocoridae .	family anthocoridae,omnivorous bug,genus orius,orius,family,omnivorous,genus,anthocoridae
Chi Chi DeVayne is the stage name of Zavion Davenport, an American drag queen and reality television personality.	television personality,reality television,drag queen,american drag,zavion davenport,chi devayne,chi chi,television,reality,queen,drag,american,davenport,zavion,stage,devayne
The 2017 MBC Drama Awards , presented by Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation took place on December 30, 2017.	broadcasting corporation,munhwa broadcasting,drama awards,mbc drama,drama,place,awards,corporation,munhwa,broadcasting,december
Fut i fejemøget is a song written by John Mogensen, who recorded it in 1971.	song,john,mogensen
Metaris Valley is a small, rounded cirque valley with steep sides and residual névé, lying west of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range in Antarctica.	britannia range,derrick peak,residual névé,steep side,cirque valley,rounded cirque,metaris valley,valley,range,britannia,peak,derrick,west,névé,residual,side,steep
Planjane is a village near Rečane and Brezovica, Prizren Municipality, Kosovo.	village,municipality,rečane,prizren,brezovica,planjane,kosovo
The Bluff Point Stoneworks are a prehistoric structure located in the town of Jerusalem, New York, at the crux of Keuka Lake in the Finger Lakes Region of western New York State.	new york,keuka lake,lakes region,finger lakes,western new,york state,prehistoric structure,point stoneworks,bluff point,york,point,stoneworks,prehistoric,structure,finger,lake,town,lakes
Ana Victoria García Obregón better known as Ana Obregón is a Spanish actress, television presenter, celebrity and socialite.	television presenter,spanish actress,ana obregón,garcía obregón,victoria garcía,ana victoria,obregón,celebrity,presenter,television,actress,spanish,victoria,garcía,socialite
Catherine Clark Kroeger was an American author, professor, New Testament scholar, and a leading figure within the biblical egalitarian movement.	egalitarian movement,biblical egalitarian,leading figure,testament scholar,new testament,american author,clark kroeger,catherine clark,clark,egalitarian,kroeger,biblical,american,figure,author,leading,professor,scholar
The 24th annual Beijing College Student Film Festival took place in Beijing, China between April 8 and May 7, 2017.	film festival,student film,college student,beijing college,annual beijing,beijing,april,annual,china,film,student,festival,college,place
The 2003 Chevrolet Grand Prix of Atlanta was the second race of the 2003 American Le Mans Series season.	series season,mans series,le mans,second race,american le,grand prix,chevrolet grand,grand,series,prix,mans,atlanta,second,american,race,chevrolet
Daktari is an American family drama series that aired on CBS between 1966 and 1969.	drama series,family drama,american family,american,series,family,drama,daktari
Sartana Kills Them All is a 1970 Spanish crime comedy western film directed by Rafael Romero Marchent, written by Mario Alabiso and Santiago Moncada and starring Gianni Garko, Guglielmo Spoletini and María Silva.	maría silva,guglielmo spoletini,gianni garko,santiago moncada,mario alabiso,romero marchent,rafael romero,western film,comedy western,crime comedy,spanish,maría,crime,spoletini,comedy,guglielmo,western,garko,film,gianni
Thomas Davies  was a Welsh international footballer.	international footballer,welsh international,thomas davies,davies,international,welsh,thomas,footballer
The Dinagat Islands are a group of islands constituting a province in the Caraga region in the Philippines, located on the south side of Leyte Gulf.	leyte gulf,caraga region,dinagat islands,islands,leyte,group,south,island,philippines,province,region,caraga,dinagat
Shi'a Islam in Kenya is represented primarily by members of Ismaili sects, largely the descendants of or influenced by Muslim traders from the Middle East and India who came to the East African coast for the purposes of trade.	african coast,east african,middle east,muslim trader,ismaili sect,shi'a islam,east,islam,purpose,kenya,coast,member,african,ismaili,sect,descendant
Clavus nodulosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.	family drilliidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,clavus nodulosa,nodulosa,family,species,mollusk,gastropod,snail,marine,clavus,drilliidae
For the 1980 Summer Olympics, a total of twenty-eight sports venues were used.	sport venue,summer olympics,olympics,sport,total,summer,venue
Mixed-mode ventilation refers to a hybrid approach to space conditioning that uses a combination of natural ventilation from operable windows , and mechanical systems that include air distribution equipment and refrigeration equipment for cooling.	refrigeration equipment,distribution equipment,air distribution,mechanical system,operable window,natural ventilation,space conditioning,hybrid approach,mode ventilation,ventilation,equipment,distribution,mode,system,mechanical,space,conditioning,window
Abilene is a city in Taylor and Jones counties in Texas, United States.	united states,jones county,city,united,taylor,texas,jones,county,abilene,states
Viggo Biehl Jensen is a Danish football player and manager.	football player,danish football,biehl jensen,viggo biehl,biehl,player,jensen,football,danish,viggo,manager
Pompéjac is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.	southwestern france,gironde department,commune,southwestern,gironde,aquitaine,department,nouvelle,pompéjac,france
Syzygium oreophilum is a species of plant in the family Myrtaceae.	family myrtaceae,syzygium oreophilum,oreophilum,family,species,plant,syzygium,myrtaceae
Soviet Union women's national bandy team represented the former Soviet Union in bandy.	soviet union,union woman,bandy team,national bandy,union,bandy,soviet,woman,national,team
Somebody to Love is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Suzy Bogguss.	suzy bogguss,artist suzy,music artist,country music,american country,song co,love,suzy,song,artist,music,american,country,somebody,bogguss
The 2016 Africa Futsal Cup of Nations qualification was a men's futsal competition which decided the participating teams of the 2016 Africa Futsal Cup of Nations.	futsal cup,africa futsal,nations qualification,futsal competition,futsal,nations,qualification,team,africa,competition
Officer Diane Whittlesey is a fictional character played by Edie Falco on the television program Oz.	program oz,television program,edie falco,fictional character,diane whittlesey,officer diane,diane,program,whittlesey,television,fictional,falco,character,edie,officer
Olga Shekel is a Ukrainian road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Team Astana.She was a silver medalist in the under-23 time trial at the 2015 European Road Championships.	road championships,time trial,european road,silver medalist,team astana,racing cyclist,uci women,road racing,ukrainian road,road,shekel,ukrainian,astana,silver,team,medalist,women
Rushyendramani was an Indian singer, dancer, and famous stage/film actress and playback singer from South India.	south india,playback singer,film actress,famous stage,indian singer,singer,indian,south,stage,film,famous,actress,dancer,playback,rushyendramani
Immanuel Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church and cemetery located near Mechanicsville, Hanover County, Virginia.	episcopal church,historic episcopal,hanover county,immanuel episcopal,episcopal,church,county,hanover,mechanicsville,cemetery,historic,virginia,immanuel
Excello is a census designated place in southern Macon County, Missouri, United States.	united states,macon county,southern macon,census,united,place,missouri,southern,county,macon,excello,states
Alma Mater is a Christmas album by Pope Benedict XVI, released in 2009.	benedict xvi,pope benedict,christmas album,alma mater,mater,benedict,christmas,pope,album,alma
Ben 10: Destroy All Aliens is an American computer-animated science fiction action film that premiered on Cartoon Network Asia on March 11, 2012, and in the United States on Cartoon Network March 23, 2012, as part of "Ben 10 Week" which ran from March 19, 2012 – March 24, 2012.	cartoon network,network asia,network march,united states,action film,fiction action,science fiction,american computer,march,cartoon,network,science,fiction,computer,action,american,film
Third Raid on Banu Thalabah took place in September, 627AD, 6th month of 6AH of the Islamic calendarIn Jumada Ath-Thania, Zaid as the commander of 15 men raided Bani Tha‘labah and captured 20 of their camels but the tribe members had fled.	tribe member,bani tha‘labah,jumada ath,calendarin jumada,islamic calendarin,banu thalabah,third raid,raid,tribe,banu,camel,thalabah,tha‘labah,place,bani,september
The BB 22200 is a class of electric locomotives in service with the French railways SNCF, built by Alstom between 1976 and 1986.	railway sncf,french railway,electric locomotive,class,sncf,electric,railway,locomotive,french,service,alstom
The Bedworth Civic Hall is a multi-purpose entertainment venue in the town centre of Bedworth, Warwickshire, England.	town centre,entertainment venue,purpose entertainment,civic hall,bedworth civic,bedworth,warwickshire,purpose,entertainment,multi,venue,hall,town,civic,centre
Alexander Anatolyevich Donchenko is a German chess grandmaster.	chess grandmaster,german chess,anatolyevich donchenko,alexander anatolyevich,anatolyevich,chess,donchenko,german,alexander,grandmaster
Isao Sato was a Japanese born theater actor.	theater actor,isao sato,sato,theater,japanese,isao,actor
John Joseph Danilovich is an American business executive.	business executive,american business,joseph danilovich,john joseph,joseph,business,danilovich,american,john,executive
Caddo agilis is a species of harvestman in the family Caddidae.	family caddidae,caddo agili,agili,family,species,harvestman,caddo,caddidae
Nobina Sverige AB, former Swebus AB, is the largest bus operator in Sweden, with 5,277 employees, 2,241 buses and net sales of 5,138 million SEK. It was owned by the Swedish State Railways until October 1996, when it was sold to Stagecoach Group, and then later, in January 2000, to Concordia Bus.	concordia bus,stagecoach group,state railways,swedish state,net sale,bus operator,large bus,swebus ab,sverige ab,railways,state,october,swedish,stagecoach,group,sale
Brighton Marina is an artificial marina situated in Brighton, England.	artificial marina,brighton marina,brighton,marina,artificial,england
Founded in 1947, Lube Motorcycles was a Spanish motorcycle manufacturer, based in Barakaldo.	motorcycle manufacturer,spanish motorcycle,lube motorcycles,motorcycles,manufacturer,spanish,motorcycle,lube,barakaldo
Hester Vaughn, or Vaughan, was a domestic servant in Philadelphia who was arrested in 1868 on a charge of killing her newborn infant, and was sentenced to hang after being convicted of infanticide.	newborn infant,domestic servant,hester vaughn,vaughn,infant,vaughan,newborn,domestic,charge,servant,philadelphia,hester,infanticide
The International Union for Theoretical and Applied Mechanics is an affiliation of about 500 mechanicians in about 50 countries, and involving about 20 associated organizations, including the International Council for Science .	international council,associated organization,applied mechanics,international union,international,council,affiliation,mechanics,mechanician,applied,country,theoretical,associated,union
Pyemotes herfsi, also known as the oak leaf gall mite or itch mite, is an ectoparasitic mite identified in Western Canada in 1923 and subsequently found in India, Asia, and the United States.	united states,western canada,ectoparasitic mite,itch mite,gall mite,leaf gall,oak leaf,mite,united,asia,leaf,india,gall,canada,western,states
Capravirine was a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor which reached phase II trials before development was discontinued by Pfizer.	transcriptase inhibitor,reverse transcriptase,nucleoside reverse,development,nucleoside,trial,reverse,phase,transcriptase,inhibitor,capravirine,pfizer
David O'Halloran was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League .Recruited from Ivanhoe Grammar School, O'Halloran debuted for Hawthorn in 1976 as a defender and was a premiership player that year.	premiership player,grammar school,ivanhoe grammar,football league,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,david o'halloran,o'halloran,hawthorn,player,premiership,ivanhoe,league,grammar,football,defender,school
Pietro Ramaglia was an Italian physician and surgeon.	italian physician,pietro ramaglia,ramaglia,physician,italian,pietro,surgeon
Gostomin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	central poland,masovian voivodeship,ciechanów county,gmina ojrzeń,administrative district,village,central,administrative,east,district,voivodeship,gmina,masovian,ojrzeń,county
Fort Belknap Electric Cooperative, Inc.	electric cooperative,belknap electric,fort belknap,belknap,cooperative,electric,fort,inc.
Barbro Margareta Svensson , better known as Lill-Babs, was a Swedish singer, actress and television presenter.	television presenter,swedish singer,margareta svensson,barbro margareta,margareta,television,svensson,actress,lill,singer,babs,swedish,barbro,presenter
Sally Emerson is a novelist, anthologist and travel writer.	travel writer,sally emerson,emerson,travel,novelist,anthologist,sally,writer
D.R. Mehta is a former chairman of Securities and Exchange Board of India.	exchange board,d.r. mehta,mehta,board,chairman,exchange,securities,d.r.,india
The Brad Hornung Trophy is awarded annually to the most sportsmanlike player of the Western Hockey League.	hockey league,western hockey,sportsmanlike player,hornung trophy,brad hornung,hornung,hockey,trophy,western,sportsmanlike,player,brad,league
Onasemnogene abeparvovec , commonly known as AVXS-101, is an experimental gene therapy product being developed by Avexis as a treatment for spinal muscular atrophy, a severe neuromuscular disorder caused by a mutation in the SMN1 gene resulting in deficiency of survival motor neuron protein.	neuron protein,motor neuron,neuromuscular disorder,survival motor,severe neuromuscular,muscular atrophy,therapy product,spinal muscular,gene therapy,gene,neuron,abeparvovec,motor,survival,muscular,atrophy,spinal,severe
Barum is a manufacturer of rubber tyres, based in the Czech Republic.	czech republic,rubber tyre,manufacturer,czech,rubber,tyre,barum,republic
The Asher Morton Farmstead is a farm located on Lower Terre Haute Road 4.5 miles south of Paris, Illinois.	haute road,terre haute,lower terre,morton farmstead,asher morton,morton,paris,farmstead,mile,farm,road,lower,haute,terre,asher
Kastorf is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	municipality,holstein,district,schleswig,lauenburg,kastorf,germany
Water Mill is a hamlet and acensus-designated place within the Town of Southampton on Long Island in Suffolk County, New York, United States.	united states,new york,suffolk county,long island,water mill,mill,united,hamlet,york,acensus,place,county,town,suffolk
The 2010 All-Ireland Intermediate Hurling Championship was the 27th staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1961.	athletic association,gaelic athletic,hurling championship,intermediate hurling,ireland intermediate,championship,ireland,athletic,gaelic,establishment,staging,intermediate,hurling
Crescent Hill is an unincorporated community in Bates County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.	u.s. state,bates county,unincorporated community,crescent hill,hill,state,unincorporated,u.s.,community,county,bates,crescent,missouri
My Love Is A Fire is a pop song performed by Donny Osmond.	donny osmond,pop song,-PRON- love,love,donny,fire,song,-PRON-,osmond
American Airlines, Inc.	airlines,american,inc.
Mount Shiroyama is a mountain located in Kagoshima, Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.	kagoshima prefecture,mount shiroyama,kagoshima,shiroyama,prefecture,mountain,mount,japan
The Armenian Rite is an independent liturgy used by both the Armenian Apostolic and Armenian Catholic Churches.	catholic churches,armenian catholic,armenian apostolic,independent liturgy,armenian rite,armenian,catholic,independent,rite,liturgy,churches,apostolic
The National Health Service in England was created by the National Health Service Act 1946.	health service,national health,service act,service,national,health,england
Muthialpet is an Assembly Constituency in the union territory of Puducherry, in India.	union territory,assembly constituency,assembly,puducherry,constituency,territory,union,muthialpet,india
Changeling is a song by English pop singer-songwriter Alison Moyet, and is the third single released off her eighth studio album, The Minutes .	studio album,alison moyet,eighth studio,songwriter alison,pop singer,english pop,song,album,english,studio,eighth,singer,single,songwriter,moyet
Hickory is a town in Newton County, Mississippi.	town,county,newton,hickory,mississippi
Mark Morgan Ford, also Mark Ford and Michael Masterson, is an American author, entrepreneur, publisher, real estate investor, filmmaker, art collector, and consultant to the direct marketing and publishing industries.Ford is the author of essays and books on entrepreneurship, wealth-building, economics, and copywriting.	publishing industry,direct marketing,art collector,estate investor,real estate,american author,michael masterson,mark ford,morgan ford,mark morgan,ford,author,economic,building,wealth,entrepreneurship,filmmaker,collector,investor
Ab Maik-e Golzari is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	khuzestan province,lali county,central district,rural district,lali rural,e lali,e golzari,ab maik,lali,district,province,khuzestan,maik,county,village,golzari,dasht
Manohar Topno is an Indian field hockey player.	hockey player,field hockey,indian field,manohar topno,topno,hockey,indian,field,manohar,player
Oncideres senilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,oncidere senili,senili,family,species,beetle,oncidere,cerambycidae
The City of Graceville is in Jackson County, Florida, United States.	united states,jackson county,graceville,united,jackson,florida,county,city,states
The Winter's Tale is a play by William Shakespeare originally published in the First Folio of 1623.	first folio,william shakespeare,tale,first,play,shakespeare,william,winter,folio
Kim Thompson was an American comic book editor, translator, and publisher, best known as vice president and co-publisher of Seattle-based Fantagraphics Books.	fantagraphics books,vice president,book editor,comic book,american comic,kim thompson,publisher,thompson,fantagraphics,american,comic,book,seattle,editor,translator,president
This is a list of Philadelphia Flyers broadcasters.	flyers broadcaster,philadelphia flyers,philadelphia,flyers,list,broadcaster
Hilra railway station is a former railway station on the defunct Penfield line which is located in the northern Adelaide suburb of Salisbury North.	railway station,salisbury north,adelaide suburb,penfield line,northern adelaide,defunct penfield,hilra railway,railway,salisbury,station,suburb,defunct,adelaide,penfield,northern,line,hilra
Ferenc Győri is a Hungarian ultramarathon runner, geographer, and university lecturer.	university lecturer,ultramarathon runner,hungarian ultramarathon,ferenc győri,győri,university,hungarian,geographer,ultramarathon,runner,ferenc,lecturer
Carlos Antonio Herrera Araluce was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	revolutionary party,institutional revolutionary,mexican politician,herrera araluce,antonio herrera,carlos antonio,antonio,revolutionary,herrera,institutional,araluce,politician,mexican,carlos,party
Corneliu Teodorini was a Romanian general during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	oak leaves,war ii,iron cross,world war,romanian general,corneliu teodorini,cross,teodorini,romanian,general,knight,world,recipient
Dioscoride Lanza was an Italian racing driver.	racing driver,italian racing,dioscoride lanza,lanza,racing,italian,dioscoride,driver
Kjetil Løvvik is a retired Norwegian footballer.	norwegian footballer,retired norwegian,kjetil løvvik,løvvik,norwegian,retired,kjetil,footballer
Richard Masur is an American actor who has appeared in more than 80 movies.	american actor,richard masur,masur,actor,american,richard,movie
Angus McQueen was a merchant and political figure in New Brunswick.	new brunswick,political figure,angus mcqueen,mcqueen,merchant,figure,political,angus,brunswick
Xylecata is a genus of tiger moths in the family Erebidae.	family erebidae,tiger moth,genus,family,tiger,moth,xylecata,erebidae
Taiatari is a Kendo movement, literally meaning to hit with the body .	kendo,movement,taiatari,body
The Maramureș Mountains Natural Park is a protected area situated in Romania, in the north part in the Maramureș County.	maramureș county,natural park,mountains natural,maramureș mountains,maramureș,park,area,natural,romania,mountains,north,county
George Ernest Morrison Henry was an Australian freestyle swimmer of the 1920s, who won a silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle relay at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,freestyle relay,silver medal,freestyle swimmer,australian freestyle,morrison henry,ernest morrison,george ernest,freestyle,ernest,summer,morrison,henry,relay,australian,silver,swimmer
Sociedad Académica de Amantes del País was a society established in Lima, Peru in 1790 for the purpose of discussing national matters.	national matter,sociedad académica,académica,national,amantes,purpose,país,peru,society,lima,sociedad,matter
James W. Robinson was a politician in what became the U.S. states of Texas and California.	u.s. state,w. robinson,james w.,texas,robinson,state,politician,u.s.,james,california
Klassiker 2 is the third compilation album, and the ninth album overall, by Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1993.	band jerusalem,rock band,hard rock,swedish hard,ninth album,compilation album,album,band,compilation,rock,hard,swedish,jerusalem,klassiker,ninth
Jaime Prats Estrada was a Cuban flautist, composer and orchestral director.	orchestral director,cuban flautist,prats estrada,jaime prats,prats,orchestral,estrada,composer,cuban,flautist,jaime,director
Legion is a fictional supervillain in the DC Comics universe.	comics universe,dc comics,fictional supervillain,fictional,comics,supervillain,legion,universe
Tejutla ) is a municipality in the western highlands of Guatemala, in the department of San Marcos.	san marcos,western highland,municipality,western,department,highland,guatemala,tejutla,marcos
Technological University, Taunggyi ) is situated in Ayetharyar township, Taunggyi District, Shan State, Myanmar.	shan state,taunggyi district,ayetharyar township,technological university,taunggyi,state,shan,university,district,ayetharyar,township,myanmar,technological
Land Coastal Defence (or Land Coastal Command, Polish: Lądowa Obrona Wybrzeża, abbr.	land coastal,obrona wybrzeża,coastal defence,lądowa obrona,coastal command,coastal,wybrzeża,obrona,lądowa,polish,command,land,defence,abbr
P.U.N.K. Girl is an EP by British twee pop band Heavenly, released by K Records on July 11, 1995.	k records,band heavenly,pop band,twee pop,british twee,p.u.n.k. girl,girl,records,british,heavenly,twee,band,p.u.n.k.
Chhan is a village in Bagnotar Union Council, Abbottabad Tehsil, Abbottabad District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	khyber pakhtunkhwa,abbottabad district,abbottabad tehsil,union council,bagnotar union,abbottabad,village,pakhtunkhwa,bagnotar,khyber,union,district,council,chhan,pakistan
Ismāʿīlism is a branch of Shia Islam.	branch,shia,ismāʿīlism,islam
Not to be confused with the Washington International School in the United States.The Washington International School is an international school located in the Defence Housing Authority area of Karachi, Pakistan.	international school,washington international,authority area,united states,housing authority,defence housing,school,karachi,area,authority,housing,defence,washington,states,international,united
Warburton's Wood Nature Reserve is a nature reserve near Kingsley, Cheshire, England, managed by the Cheshire Wildlife Trust.Warburton's Wood consists of semi-natural woodland either side of a clough, or small valley, containing a tributary of the River Weaver.	nature reserve,river weaver,small valley,natural woodland,wildlife trust,cheshire wildlife,wood nature,cheshire,wood,river,tributary,valley,small,clough,woodland,natural,kingsley
Uwe Freiler ) is a retired German football player.	football player,german football,retired german,uwe freiler,freiler,football,retired,german,player
The 2017 Úrvalsdeild karla, also known as Pepsi-deild karla for sponsorship reasons, was the 106th season of top-flight Icelandic football.	icelandic football,flight icelandic,sponsorship reason,úrvalsdeild karla,karla,icelandic,flight,season,reason,sponsorship,pepsi,deild,football
Yōzō Kaneko was a pilot in the Imperial Japanese Navy and the founder of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service.	japanese navy,imperial japanese,air service,navy air,yōzō kaneko,navy,imperial,kaneko,pilot,japanese,founder,yōzō,service
A Forest Apart is a 2003 Star Wars ebook written by Troy Denning.	troy denning,wars ebook,star wars,forest apart,apart,troy,star,ebook,wars,forest,denning
Jahangir Kabir Nanak is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former state Minister of Local Government, Rural Development and Co-operatives.	rural development,local government,state minister,league politician,awami league,bangladesh awami,kabir nanak,jahangir kabir,kabir,nanak,development,bangladesh,rural,awami,government,league,local
Wilhelm Wilhelmsen was a Norwegian ship owner and yacht racer.	yacht racer,ship owner,norwegian ship,wilhelm wilhelmsen,wilhelmsen,yacht,norwegian,owner,ship,wilhelm,racer
Verliebt in Berlin is a Golden Rose-winning German telenovela, starring Alexandra Neldel, along with Mathis Künzler, Tim Sander, and Laura Osswald.	laura osswald,tim sander,mathis künzler,alexandra neldel,german telenovela,golden rose,berlin,laura,golden,sander,rose,german,künzler,telenovela,mathis
The 2018–19 Sacred Heart Pioneers men's basketball team represents Sacred Heart University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	sacred heart,basketball season,ncaa division,pioneers man,heart pioneers,basketball team,heart university,basketball,heart,sacred,division,ncaa,team,pioneers,university
John Davenport was an English industrial potter, founder of the Davenport Pottery firm in The Potteries, and Conservative MP for the Stoke Division from 1832 to 1841.He was also Deputy Lieutenant for Staffordshire.	deputy lieutenant,stoke division,conservative mp,pottery firm,davenport pottery,industrial potter,english industrial,john davenport,davenport,lieutenant,deputy,division,stoke,conservative,potteries,firm,industrial
Non-believers: Freethinkers on the Run is a 2016 Dutch documentary on the situation of atheists, especially Muslim apostates, in Dutch refugee camps .	refugee camp,dutch refugee,muslim apostate,dutch documentary,dutch,believer,freethinker,refugee,atheist,situation,muslim,documentary,apostate
Tamala Park is an unpopulated locality in Perth, Western Australia.	western australia,unpopulated locality,tamala park,park,western,unpopulated,perth,locality,tamala,australia
Equilin is a naturally occurring estrogen sex hormone found in horses as well as a medication.	sex hormone,estrogen sex,estrogen,horse,hormone,equilin,medication
Greek-Irish relations are the relations between Greece and Ireland.	relation,irish,greece,greek,ireland
The cocinero , also known as the barred jack and striped jack, is a species of small marine fish classified in the jack family, Carangidae.	jack family,marine fish,small marine,jack,family,small,marine,species,fish,carangidae,cocinero
Chailly-sur-Armançon is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.	armançon,eastern,commune,department,côte,france
Samandegan is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District, in the Central District of Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	isfahan province,chadegan county,central district,rural district,kabutarsorkh rural,district,province,village,isfahan,kabutarsorkh,county,rural,chadegan,iran,samandegan
The Boss is a 1968 live album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith.	jimmy smith,organist jimmy,jazz organist,american jazz,live album,live,jimmy,album,organist,american,jazz,boss,smith
Kennel Airstrip is a private airport located 7 miles east of Bend in Deschutes County, Oregon, USA.	deschutes county,private airport,kennel airstrip,airstrip,oregon,private,county,airport,deschutes,mile,bend,kennel
Batanyili is a community in Tamale Metropolitan District in the Northern Region of Ghana.	northern region,metropolitan district,tamale metropolitan,community,region,tamale,northern,metropolitan,district,batanyili,ghana
Gwenda Linda Blair is an American author and journalist known for her biographies of Jessica Savitch, Laura Ingalls Wilder, and the family of Donald Trump.	donald trump,ingalls wilder,laura ingalls,american author,jessica savitch,linda blair,gwenda linda,linda,donald,blair,family,american,wilder,author,ingalls,journalist,laura
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Big Bend National Park.	national park,bend national,big bend,places listing,historic places,national register,national,places,listing,historic,register,bend,list,park
Elias Menachem Stein was an American mathematician, and a leading figure in the field of harmonic analysis.	harmonic analysis,leading figure,american mathematician,menachem stein,elias menachem,menachem,harmonic,stein,field,american,figure,mathematician,leading,elias,analysis
From Emperor to Citizen is the autobiography of Puyi, the man who was the last emperor of China.	emperor,autobiography,puyi,citizen,china
John Dale Price was an admiral in the United States Navy who, early in his career, set many records as a naval aviator.	naval aviator,states navy,united states,dale price,john dale,dale,naval,price,record,admiral,career,united,navy,states,john
Isuf Kalo is an Albanian doctor and Professor of Medicine.	albanian doctor,isuf kalo,kalo,professor,albanian,doctor,isuf,medicine
Charlie Metro was an American professional baseball player, manager, coach and scout.	baseball player,professional baseball,american professional,charlie metro,metro,coach,american,manager,professional,player,baseball,charlie,scout
Pierre Edmond Boissier was a Swiss prominent botanist, explorer and mathematician.	prominent botanist,swiss prominent,edmond boissier,pierre edmond,edmond,explorer,boissier,botanist,swiss,prominent,pierre,mathematician
Raffinose is a trisaccharide composed of galactose, glucose, and fructose.	trisaccharide,glucose,galactose,raffinose,fructose
Acoustic in Concert is the sixth live album by Scottish rock band Simple Minds, released in June 2017.	simple minds,band simple,rock band,scottish rock,live album,sixth live,concert,minds,sixth,simple,live,band,album,rock,scottish,acoustic
Davis House is a historic plantation house located near Manning, Clarendon County, South Carolina.	south carolina,clarendon county,plantation house,historic plantation,davis house,house,south,county,clarendon,manning,historic,plantation,carolina,davis
Saeed Rashed Al-Qubaisi is an Emirati judoka, who played for the lightweight category.	lightweight category,emirati judoka,lightweight,qubaisi,judoka,emirati,saeed,category
FC Meshakre Agara is a Georgian association football club.	football club,association football,georgian association,meshakre agara,fc meshakre,meshakre,football,agara,association,georgian,club
Kenneth Lee Reynolds was a baseball player with a six-year career in the MLB spanning the years 1970–1976, excluding 1974.	year career,baseball player,lee reynolds,kenneth lee,year,reynolds,baseball,player,career,kenneth
Milan Mach is a Czech sport shooter.	sport shooter,czech sport,milan mach,mach,sport,czech,milan,shooter
Count Fidél Pálffy de Erdőd was a Hungarian nobleman who emerged as a leading supporter of Nazism in Hungary.	leading supporter,hungarian nobleman,fidél pálffy,count fidél,fidél,nazism,pálffy,supporter,erdőd,leading,hungarian,nobleman,count,hungary
Ghidigeni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 6,244 people.	commune,population,galați,romania,county,ghidigeni,people
L'Officiel Hommes is a French luxury fashion and lifestyle magazine for men, adapted from L'Officiel, owned by a French media group "Les Éditions Jalou".	éditions jalou,les éditions,medium group,lifestyle magazine,french medium,luxury fashion,french luxury,l'officiel hommes,french,l'officiel,éditions,group,lifestyle,magazine,fashion,medium
Simone Russell is a fictional character on the American soap opera Passions, which aired on NBC from 1999 to 2007 and on DirecTV in 2007–08.	opera passions,soap opera,american soap,fictional character,simone russell,russell,fictional,passions,character,opera,american,soap,simone,directv
Dye 3 is an ice core site and previously part of the Distant Early Warning line, located at in Greenland.	warning line,early warning,distant early,core site,ice core,line,core,warning,site,early,distant,greenland
Metostilenol is a drug which was patented as an antidepressant in the early 1980s, but was never marketed.	drug,antidepressant,metostilenol,early
Włodzimierz Sokorski was a Polish communist official, writer, military journalist and eventually a Brigadier General in the Soviet-dominated People's Republic of Poland.	brigadier general,military journalist,communist official,polish communist,włodzimierz sokorski,sokorski,republic,polish,people,communist,soviet,official,general,writer,brigadier
Alpine skiing has been contested at every Winter Olympics since 1936, when a combined event was held in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.	combined event,winter olympics,alpine skiing,skiing,partenkirchen,winter,garmisch,olympics,event,combined,alpine,germany
The house of Murashu were a family discovered in archaeological findings dating to the late 19th century.	archaeological finding,murashu,family,late,archaeological,finding,house,century
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales—Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the film score album for the 2017 film of the same name.	score album,film score,picture soundtrack,motion picture,original motion,no tales,dead men,film,caribbean,dead,tales,original,motion,picture,soundtrack
The Anupitaka is the collected non-canonical or extra-canonical Pāli literature of Buddhism.	pāli literature,canonical pāli,collected non,canonical,collected,literature,pāli,anupitaka,buddhism,extra
Beshak is a village in Shonbeh Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	bushehr province,dashti county,tasuj district,rural district,shonbeh rural,shonbeh,district,province,bushehr,county,village,dashti,rural,tasuj,iran
Touché Turtle and Dum Dum is one of the segments from The New Hanna-Barbera Cartoon Series, produced by Hanna-Barbera in 1962.	cartoon series,barbera cartoon,new hanna,dum dum,touché turtle,hanna,turtle,segment,cartoon,barbera,series,touché
The Quebec-Israel Committee is an organization in the Canadian province of Quebec.	canadian province,israel committee,quebec,israel,committee,organization,canadian,province
Sirius Academy West is a secondary school in Hull, England.	secondary school,academy west,sirius academy,academy,hull,west,school,secondary,sirius,england
William Edward Staub was an American mechanical engineer who invented and developed the first consumer treadmill for home use, the PaceMaster 600, during the late 1960s.	home use,consumer treadmill,mechanical engineer,american mechanical,edward staub,william edward,edward,late,staub,pacemaster,american,mechanical,home,engineer,treadmill
Carmen Patricia Martínez is a Paraguayan long distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	distance runner,long distance,paraguayan long,patricia martínez,carman patricia,patricia,runner,martínez,distance,paraguayan,long,carman,marathon
Olula del Río is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	autonomous community,almería province,del río,olula del,andalusia,community,municipality,autonomous,almería,province,olula,spain
Hard Workin' Man is the second studio album released by country duo Brooks & Dunn.	duo brooks,country duo,studio album,second studio,hard workin,workin,brooks,second,country,studio,album,hard,dunn
Multiclavula is a genus of fungi in the family Clavulinaceae.	genus,family,fungus,multiclavula,clavulinaceae
The Duiyue Gate or Laoshi City Gate and Laogu Stone Urn City Wall is a historical gate in West Central District, Tainan, Taiwan.	central district,west central,historical gate,city wall,urn city,stone urn,laogu stone,city gate,laoshi city,duiyue gate,gate,city,tainan,district,central,west,stone,laogu,historical
Malicet & Blin was a French manufacturer of bicycles, car components, cars and aero engines from 1890 until 1925.	aero engine,car component,french manufacturer,blin,aero,french,manufacturer,bicycle,malicet,engine,component
Tamara Virgi Costache is an Olympic and former world record-holding freestyle swimmer from Romania.	freestyle swimmer,world record,virgi costache,tamara virgi,virgi,swimmer,costache,freestyle,olympic,record,world,tamara,romania
Emil Aleksander Lindh was a Finnish sailor who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,finnish sailor,aleksander lindh,emil aleksander,aleksander,summer,lindh,sailor,finnish,emil,olympics
Almaški Kraj is an urban neighborhood of the city of Novi Sad, Serbia.	novi sad,urban neighborhood,almaški kraj,kraj,urban,novi,neighborhood,city,almaški,serbia
Tara Dettman is a Canadian Christian music artist and songwriter from Clifford, Ontario, currently residing in South Africa.	south africa,music artist,christian music,canadian christian,tara dettman,dettman,south,canadian,ontario,christian,clifford,music,songwriter,artist,tara
Saint-Martin-de-Gurson is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.	southwestern france,dordogne department,martin,southwestern,aquitaine,gurson,nouvelle,commune,department,dordogne,saint
The Barrios Rocks are a small group of rocks lying 1 nautical mile west of Toro Point, Trinity Peninsula.	trinity peninsula,toro point,mile west,nautical mile,small group,barrios rock,rock,trinity,point,toro,west,mile,nautical,small,group,peninsula
Dubiażyn  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,podlaskie voivodeship,bielsk county,bielsk podlaski,gmina bielsk,administrative district,bielsk,eastern,village,north,administrative,voivodeship,district,podlaskie,gmina,county
WLJV is a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to Spotsylvania, Virginia, serving the City of Fredericksburg along with Spotsylvania and Caroline Counties in Virginia.	caroline counties,radio station,fm radio,commercial fm,spotsylvania,virginia,commercial,radio,station,city,counties,fredericksburg
Raa Atoll is an administrative division from the Maldives.	administrative division,raa atoll,atoll,division,administrative,maldives
Cogua ) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	municipality,department,town,colombia,cogua,cundinamarca
The Palestinian Struggle Youth Union is a youth organization in the Palestinian territories.	palestinian territory,youth organization,youth union,struggle youth,palestinian struggle,palestinian,youth,struggle,organization,territory,union
The 2010 FIFA World Cup was an international football tournament held in South Africa from 11 June until 11 July 2010.	south africa,football tournament,international football,world cup,fifa world,world,june,africa,international,south,football,tournament,fifa,july
Thirumoozhikulam Sree Lakshmanaperumal Temple is located in Thirumoozhikalam in Ernakulam district of Kerala.	ernakulam district,lakshmanaperumal temple,sree lakshmanaperumal,thirumoozhikulam sree,sree,district,lakshmanaperumal,ernakulam,temple,thirumoozhikalam,thirumoozhikulam,kerala
The Acts of Phileas is a Christian text pertaining the martyrdom account of Phileas, Bishop of Thmuis who would be martyred during the time of prefect Claudius Culcianus.	claudius culcianus,prefect claudius,martyrdom account,christian text,phileas,claudius,prefect,time,thmuis,bishop,text,martyrdom,christian,account
Archipelago is a 2010 British film written and directed by Joanna Hogg about a family holiday on the island of Tresco, which forms part of the archipelago of the Isles of Scilly.	family holiday,joanna hogg,british film,archipelago,hogg,family,joanna,holiday,film,island,british,tresco,isles
Ołużna  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	western poland,pomeranian voivodeship,west pomeranian,kołobrzeg county,gmina gościno,administrative district,village,western,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,pomeranian,gościno,west
PS-34 is a constituency of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh.	constituency,assembly,provincial,sindh
Gnatowo  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany .	northern poland,masurian voivodeship,kętrzyn county,gmina kętrzyn,administrative district,kętrzyn,area,village,poland,administrative,northern,voivodeship,district,masurian,warmian
Conus auricomus, common name the gold-leaf cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous.	genus conus,family conidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,leaf cone,conus auricomus,snail,cone,conus,predatory,mollusk,gastropod,family,common,gold,specie
The Old National Bank Building is a high-rise in Spokane, Washington, United States.	united states,bank building,national bank,old national,national,united,bank,washington,building,spokane,high,rise,states
John McLaughlin was an Irish-born Australian politician.	australian politician,john mclaughlin,mclaughlin,australian,irish,john,politician
Xonqa is an urban-type settlement and seat of Xonqa District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan.	xorazm region,xonqa district,type settlement,xonqa,region,xorazm,district,type,settlement,urban,seat,uzbekistan
Michael John Wade, born 22 May 1954, is a British executive and politician.	british executive,john wade,michael john,john,executive,wade,british,michael,politician
Ida Lilliard Reed was an American religious writer and music composer from West Virginia.	west virginia,music composer,religious writer,american religious,lilliard reed,ida lilliard,lilliard,west,reed,composer,american,music,religious,writer,virginia
Boriti is a village in the Kharagauli Municipality of Imereti in western Georgia.	western georgia,kharagauli municipality,village,western,kharagauli,imereti,municipality,boriti,georgia
William Tytler WS FRSE was a Scottish lawyer, known as a historical writer.	historical writer,scottish lawyer,ws frse,tytler ws,william tytler,tytler,historical,lawyer,frse,scottish,william,writer
The NAIA Coaches' Poll typically refers to a weekly ranking of the top 25 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics college football and college basketball teams, though other NAIA polls exist as well.	naia poll,basketball team,college basketball,college football,athletics college,intercollegiate athletics,national association,weekly ranking,naia coaches,college,poll,naia,intercollegiate,association,athletics,national,ranking,basketball,weekly
Kadhaveedu is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film written and directed by Sohanlal, based on three stories penned by Vaikkom Muhammad Basheer, Madhavikutty, and M. T. Vasudevan Nair.	vasudevan nair,t. vasudevan,muhammad basheer,m. t.,malayalam film,vaikkom muhammad,indian malayalam,indian,vasudevan,malayalam,film,sohanlal,madhavikutty,story,basheer
DOPEY2 is a human gene located just above the Down Syndrome chromosomal region located at 21p22.2 sub-band.	chromosomal region,syndrome chromosomal,down syndrome,human gene,human,gene,region,down,chromosomal,syndrome,band
WSEA — branded Sports Radio 100.3 "The Team" Myrtle Beach — is a sports talk station licensed to Atlantic Beach, South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area.	strand area,south carolina,grand strand,atlantic beach,talk station,sport talk,myrtle beach,sports radio,beach,sports,strand,radio,grand,team,carolina,myrtle,south,talk
Victor Meerovich Polterovich is a Russian economist.	russian economist,meerovich polterovich,victor meerovich,meerovich,russian,polterovich,victor,economist
Aripra is a village in India located between the villages of Mankada and Tirurkkad, in Malappuram district, Kerala.	village,district,malappuram,mankada,tirurkkad,kerala,aripra,india
El Bluff is a port city on the Caribbean coast of Nicaragua within the bay of Bluefields.	caribbean coast,port city,el bluff,bluff,port,nicaragua,city,coast,caribbean,bluefields
Edgar Luberenga is a Ugandan former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	freestyle event,sprint freestyle,edgar luberenga,luberenga,freestyle,ugandan,sprint,swimmer,edgar,event
Tear It Down is the second album by My Brightest Diamond.	brightest diamond,-PRON- brightest,second album,album,brightest,-PRON-,second,diamond
State Route 26 is a 14.560-mile-long state highway in Russell County in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Alabama.	u.s. state,russell county,state highway,long state,state route,state,county,russell,southeastern,highway,u.s.,route,long,alabama
The Ground Forces Command at Victory Base Complex near Baghdad Airport was the most important fighting formation in the Iraqi Army.	iraqi army,fighting formation,baghdad airport,important fighting,base complex,victory base,forces command,ground forces,forces,iraqi,command,formation,victory,fighting,base,important,complex,airport
Mark Hall is an American politician from Cleveland, Tennessee.	american politician,mark hall,hall,cleveland,american,politician,mark,tennessee
Maja J. Matarić is an American computer scientist and roboticist, and the Chan Soon-Shiong Chaired Professor of Computer Science, Neuroscience, and Pediatrics at the University of Southern California.	southern california,computer science,chaired professor,shiong chaired,computer scientist,chan soon,american computer,j. matarić,maja j.,computer,southern,university,matarić,pediatrics,neuroscience,soon,chan,shiong
The Rock art in Sweden is the richest artistic material from the north of prehistoric Europe.	prehistoric europe,artistic material,rich artistic,rock art,prehistoric,sweden,north,rich,material,artistic,rock,europe
The 2010 United States Senate election in Kansas took place on November 2, 2010, alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.	states senate,united states,senate election,local election,states house,election,state,states,senate,place,house,kansas,november,representatives,united
Romance: En Vivo is a VHS video from Mexican singer Luis Miguel that was recorded in 1992 during the concert tour called Tour Romance  that Luis Miguel perform in various places like Caracas, Venezuela, in the Circus Maximus Theatre in Las Vegas, Nevada, in a concert in Seville, Spain, and in the National Auditorium in Mexico City, where he broke the World Record by selling the 10,000 tickets for his only show in 3 hours.	luis miguel,world record,mexico city,las vegas,national auditorium,tour romance,concert tour,maximus theatre,circus maximus,singer luis,concert,luis,miguel,romance,ticket,tour,record,world,city,mexico
Sylura Richardson Barron was an African-American political activist in San Diego, California from the 1940s into the 1990s.	san diego,political activist,american political,richardson barron,sylura richardson,richardson,california,barron,diego,african,american,activist,political,sylura
Roses of Picardy was a British musical written by Evelyn Thomas.	evelyn thomas,british musical,picardy,evelyn,british,musical,rose,thomas
The Sears Centre is an 11,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, a northwest suburb, 25 miles from Chicago.	northwest suburb,hoffman estates,purpose arena,sears centre,centre,mile,multi,suburb,purpose,northwest,arena,illinois,hoffman,estates
No One Deserves to Be Here More Than Me is a full-length LP released by Philadelphia hardcore band Blacklisted on Deathwish Inc.	deathwish inc.,hardcore band,philadelphia hardcore,length lp,one deserves,deserves,deathwish,more,band,length,hardcore,philadelphia,inc.
Nuhhoca is a village in the District of Beypazarı, Ankara Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,ankara,beypazarı,nuhhoca,turkey
Gao Yuanyuan is a Chinese actress and model.	chinese actress,gao yuanyuan,yuanyuan,actress,chinese,model
Blunderbore is a giant of Cornish and English folklore.	giant,english,cornish,blunderbore,folklore
Anokha Pyar is a 1948 Indian Bollywood film starring Dilip Kumar, Nargis and Nalini Jaywant.	nalini jaywant,dilip kumar,bollywood film,indian bollywood,anokha pyar,pyar,nalini,indian,nargis,bollywood,kumar,film,dilip,anokha,jaywant
The Bukit Kuang Bridge is the main bridge on Chukai River near Chukai, Kemaman, Terengganu, Malaysia.	chukai river,main bridge,kuang bridge,bukit kuang,bridge,chukai,terengganu,kuang,kemaman,malaysia,bukit,main,river
Lionel Leong or Leong Vai Tac , local Chinese, is a political figure of the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.	administrative region,special administrative,macao special,political figure,local chinese,vai tac,leong vai,lionel leong,leong,republic,people,region,administrative,special,macao,figure,political,chinese
Seleucia semirosella is a species of snout moth.	snout moth,seleucia semirosella,semirosella,snout,species,seleucia,moth
New Zealand is a nation that has competed at the Hopman Cup tournament on one occasion, at the 2nd annual staging of the tournament in 1990, when they lost to Austria in the first round.	annual staging,cup tournament,hopman cup,new zealand,tournament,zealand,nation,austria,hopman,annual,occasion,staging
The Reader's Digest Complete Book of Australian Birds is a book first published by Reader's Digest Services Pty Ltd of Sydney, Australia in 1976 and reprinted several times, with a completely revised edition issued in 1986.	pty ltd,services pty,australian birds,digest services,complete book,digest complete,book,digest,time,australia,sydney,services,australian,birds
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Indiana.	states house,united states,alphabetical list,list,state,member,representatives,united,house,states,alphabetical,indiana
Yonge Street is a major arterial route in the Canadian province of Ontario connecting the shores of Lake Ontario in Toronto to Lake Simcoe, a gateway to the Upper Great Lakes.	great lakes,lake simcoe,upper great,lake ontario,canadian province,arterial route,major arterial,yonge street,lake,ontario,street,great,major,upper,arterial,route,gateway,canadian
The 14th Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences Awards Night was held 1n 1966 for the Outstanding Achievements for the year 1965.	outstanding achievements,awards night,sciences awards,movie arts,filipino academy,filipino,achievements,academy,outstanding,movie,night,arts,awards,sciences
Salix repens, the creeping willow, is a small, shrubby species of willow in the family Salicaceae, growing up to 1.5 metres in height.	family salicaceae,shrubby specie,salix repen,willow,metre,salicaceae,repen,family,shrubby,small,specie,height,salix
USS Vammen was a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy, named in honor of Ensign Clarence E. Vammen, Jr.	e. vammen,clarence e.,states navy,ensign clarence,united states,destroyer escort,class destroyer,uss vammen,vammen,states,united,navy,escort,honor,destroyer,ensign,class,clarence
Serrekunda United Football Club is a football club from the town of Serrekunda in the West African, state of Gambia.	football club,west african,united football,serrekunda united,serrekunda,state,african,west,football,club,united,town,gambia
Markus Palttala is a Finnish racing driver.	racing driver,finnish racing,markus palttala,palttala,racing,finnish,markus,driver
Saeed Bashirtash is an Iranian politician and dentist and implant surgeon who lives in Brussels, Belgium.	implant surgeon,iranian politician,saeed bashirtash,bashirtash,brussels,iranian,surgeon,politician,implant,dentist,saeed,belgium
The River Nevis flows from the mountains east of Ben Nevis to its mouth near the town of Fort William in Scotland.	fort william,ben nevis,mountain east,river nevis,nevis,william,fort,town,mouth,east,mountain,scotland,river
The Rock Island Independents were a professional American football team, based in Rock Island, Illinois, from 1907–1926.	rock island,island independents,football team,american football,professional american,island,american,football,professional,team,rock,independents,illinois
Characters of Shakespear's Plays is an 1817 book of criticism of Shakespeare's plays, written by early nineteenth century English essayist and literary critic William Hazlitt.	william hazlitt,critic william,literary critic,english essayist,century english,nineteenth century,early nineteenth,shakespear,william,plays,critic,book,literary,criticism,essayist,shakespeare,english
Higher education in Portugal is divided into two main subsystems: university and polytechnic education.	polytechnic education,main subsystem,high education,education,subsystem,main,university,portugal,polytechnic,high
The 1993 Lao League was the fourth recorded season of top flight football in Laos.	flight football,recorded season,fourth recorded,lao league,league,football,fourth,flight,recorded,season,laos
The Latham 47, or Latham R3B4 in Naval service was a French twin-engine flying boat designed and built by Société Latham & Cie for the French Navy.	french navy,société latham,french twin,naval service,french,latham,engine,boat,twin,naval,service,société
The International Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was a department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union that oversaw the Party's relationships with foreign Communist Parties as well as with international communist front organizations.	central committee,communist party,soviet union,international communist,communist parties,foreign communist,international department,communist,party,department,international,union,central,committee,foreign,relationship,parties
Notobasis is a genus in the thistle tribe within the Asteraceae.	genus,tribe,thistle,notobasis,asteraceae
Roy Lee Cooke is an American who was a founding member of the Big Creek Missile Agency and one of the original Rocket Boys.	rocket boys,missile agency,original rocket,creek missile,lee cooke,big creek,roy lee,rocket,cooke,original,american,agency,member,missile,creek
The EPs 1992–1994 is a compilation album by David Gray, released in July 2001.	david gray,compilation album,compilation,gray,album,david,july
Reiu is a village in Häädemeeste Parish, Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.	southwestern estonia,pärnu county,häädemeeste parish,village,southwestern,häädemeeste,county,parish,pärnu,reiu,estonia
San Miguel Bay is a large bay in the Bicol Peninsula of Luzon island in the Philippines.	luzon island,bicol peninsula,large bay,miguel bay,san miguel,island,miguel,luzon,peninsula,bicol,philippines,large
USS Green Bay is a San Antonio-class amphibious transport dock.	transport dock,amphibious transport,class amphibious,san antonio,green bay,uss green,green,transport,amphibious,class,antonio,dock
C. S. Prem is an Indian film editor, who has worked on Tamil language films.	language film,film editor,tamil language,indian film,s. prem,c. s.,film,prem,indian,tamil,editor,language
Mykola Vasyliovych Plaviuk was a Ukrainian social and political activist in emigration, who had served as the last President of the Ukrainian People's Republic in exile.	ukrainian people,political activist,ukrainian social,vasyliovych plaviuk,mykola vasyliovych,ukrainian,vasyliovych,republic,plaviuk,people,activist,political,emigration,social,president
Merle Junction is an unincorporated community in Marshall and Grant Townships, Taylor County, Iowa, United States.	united states,taylor county,grant townships,unincorporated community,merle junction,junction,united,unincorporated,iowa,community,county,marshall,taylor,grant,townships
The 1997 FIS Ski Jumping Grand Prix was the 4th Summer Grand Prix season in ski jumping on plastic.	ski jumping,grand prix,jumping grand,summer grand,prix season,fis ski,jumping,grand,prix,season,summer,plastic
CIFA is the acronym for "Calculatorul Institutului de Fizică Atomică" .	fizică atomică,calculatorul institutului,acronym,fizică,calculatorul,institutului,cifa,atomică
The Algerian ambassador in Tehran is the official representative of the Government in Algiers to the Government of the Iran.	official representative,algerian ambassador,government,ambassador,tehran,representative,official,algerian,algiers,iran
Efatsy Anandroza is a town and commune in Madagascar.	anandroza,commune,town,efatsy,madagascar
The New Testament Household Codes , also known as New Testament Domestic Codes, consist of instructions in the New Testament writings of the apostles Paul and Peter to pairs of Christian people in different domestic and civil structures of society.	new testament,civil structure,household codes,different domestic,testament household,domestic codes,christian people,testament domestic,apostle paul,testament writing,domestic,testament,codes,structure,pair,peter,christian,paul,people
Ana Cláudia Scheffer Riffel , known by her stage name Clau is a Brazilian singer and songwriter.	brazilian singer,scheffer riffel,cláudia scheffer,ana cláudia,cláudia,singer,scheffer,brazilian,riffel,clau,stage,songwriter
Ratenice is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	czech republic,bohemian region,central bohemian,kolín district,village,czech,municipality,region,kolín,bohemian,district,central,ratenice,republic
USNS Alan Shepard is a Lewis and Clark-class dry cargo ship in the United States Navy.	states navy,united states,cargo ship,dry cargo,alan shepard,class dry,usns alan,alan,states,shepard,united,lewis,ship,clark,cargo,class
A science festival is a festival that showcases science and technology with the same freshness and flair that would be expected from an arts or music festival.	music festival,science festival,festival,freshness,flair,technology,science,music
Chidananda Das Gupta  was a Bengali Indian filmmaker, film critic, a film historian and one of the founders of Calcutta Film Society with Satyajit Ray in 1947.	satyajit ray,film society,film historian,calcutta film,film critic,indian filmmaker,bengali indian,das gupta,chidananda das,film,satyajit,gupta,bengali,society,indian,filmmaker,founder,historian
Lindsay Tuckett was a South African cricketer who played in nine Tests from 1947 to 1949.	african cricketer,south african,lindsay tuckett,tuckett,cricketer,south,african,lindsay,test
Tokugawa Iesada was the 13th shōgun of the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan.	tokugawa shogunate,tokugawa iesada,tokugawa,shogunate,iesada,shōgun,japan
Solaranthus is an extinct genus of plants with contentious affinities which has been found fossilized in the Jiulongshan Formation of China.	jiulongshan formation,contentious affinity,extinct genus,extinct,formation,genus,jiulongshan,plant,affinity,contentious,solaranthus,china
Nate Osborne is a rugby union coach who is currently contracted as the head coach of the New Orleans Gold of Major League Rugby in the United States.	united states,league rugby,major league,orleans gold,new orleans,head coach,union coach,rugby union,rugby,coach,united,orleans,gold,major,league,union,states
The women's 200 metre butterfly competition of the swimming events at the 1983 Pan American Games took place on 22 August.	american games,pan american,swimming event,butterfly competition,metre butterfly,metre,place,butterfly,games,competition,american,swimming,event,woman
Golongoso is a village in the Bamingui-Bangoran Prefecture in the northern Central African Republic.	african republic,central african,northern central,bangoran prefecture,village,african,bamingui,central,bangoran,northern,prefecture,golongoso,republic
Miskito is a Misumalpan language spoken by the Miskito people in northeastern Nicaragua, especially in the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region, and in eastern Honduras.	eastern honduras,autonomous region,coast autonomous,caribbean coast,northeastern nicaragua,north caribbean,miskito people,misumalpan language,miskito,eastern,region,autonomous,coast,caribbean,north,nicaragua,northeastern,people
Double-stranded RNA-binding protein Staufen homolog 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the STAU1 gene.Staufen is a member of the family of double-stranded RNA -binding proteins involved in the transport and/or localization of mRNAs to different subcellular compartments and/or organelles.	subcellular compartment,different subcellular,staufen homolog,protein staufen,protein,staufen,subcellular,different,mrnas,localization,transport,family,gene
Dârmănești is a commune in Argeș County, in southern central Romania.	central romania,southern central,argeș county,commune,central,argeș,southern,county,dârmănești,romania
General elections were held in Trinidad and Tobago on 15 December 1986.	election,tobago,trinidad,general,december
Marinobacter salinus is a Gram-negative, aerobic, halophilic, rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Marinobacter which has been isolated from tidal flat on Korea.	tidal flat,motile bacterium,marinobacter salinus,marinobacter,flat,tidal,halophilic,aerobic,negative,motile,gram,bacterium
The Fray is an American rock band from Denver, Colorado.	rock band,american rock,american,denver,rock,band,fray,colorado
The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985, commonly referred to as the NDPS Act, is an Act of the Parliament of India that prohibits a person to produce/manufacture/cultivate, possess, sell, purchase, transport, store, and/or consume any narcotic drug or psychotropic substance.	ndps act,substances act,psychotropic substances,narcotic drugs,psychotropic,narcotic,person,purchase,india,transport,parliament,store,substances
Steven Roy Howe was an American professional baseball relief pitcher.	relief pitcher,baseball relief,professional baseball,american professional,roy howe,steven roy,relief,howe,baseball,american,professional,steven,pitcher
Atsushi Takenouchi  is a Japanese Butoh dancer who performs various solo works as well as collaborations; such as "Enclosure" performed in conjunction with Brighton based arts company, Red Earth, on Hambledon Hill, Dorset.	hambledon hill,red earth,solo work,art company,butoh dancer,japanese butoh,atsushi takenouchi,takenouchi,hill,japanese,hambledon,butoh,earth,dancer,solo,company
Deathrace King is the fourth album by Swedish death/thrash metal band The Crown.	metal band,swedish death,fourth album,deathrace king,king,band,fourth,metal,album,death,swedish,deathrace,crown
Neofaculta ericetella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.	family gelechiidae,neofaculta ericetella,ericetella,family,moth,neofaculta,gelechiidae
Taleh Sar is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	gilan province,rudsar county,rahimabad district,rural district,shuil rural,district,province,village,gilan,shuil,county,rural,rudsar,iran
Chadiapada is a small village in Ganjam district of Odisha, India.	ganjam district,small village,small,odisha,village,district,ganjam,chadiapada,india
Listromycter is an extinct genus of worm lizard from the Early Miocene of Kenya, Africa.	early miocene,worm lizard,extinct genus,extinct,kenya,genus,miocene,worm,early,lizard,listromycter,africa
Sabz Pari Laal Kabootar is a Pakistani social drama serial directed by Babar Javed and Furqan Khan, produced by A&B Entertainment.	a&b entertainment,furqan khan,babar javed,drama serial,social drama,pakistani social,laal kabootar,pari laal,sabz pari,pari,laal,khan,kabootar,furqan,pakistani,javed,social,babar
I.L Kvernbit is a Norwegian Football club, from the rural village Frekhaug.	village frekhaug,rural village,football club,norwegian football,i.l kvernbit,kvernbit,village,norwegian,rural,football,club,frekhaug
Boswellia ameero is a plant species endemic to the island of Socotra in Yemen, common locally in arid, partly deciduous forests; however, populations are fragmentary, with aged, seldom regenerating trees being dominant.	deciduous forest,specie endemic,plant specie,boswellia ameero,ameero,tree,plant,aged,specie,fragmentary,endemic,population,island,forest
Kheyrabad is a village in Hamedanak Rural District, in the Central District of Baharestan County, Tehran Province, Iran.	tehran province,baharestan county,central district,rural district,hamedanak rural,district,province,village,tehran,hamedanak,county,rural,baharestan,iran,kheyrabad
The Boston Red Sox Radio Network consists of 61 stations in the 6 New England states, along with New York, and Florida.	new york,england state,radio network,new england,sox radio,red sox,boston red,radio,york,network,station,england,state,boston
The Hanseatic League was a commercial and defensive confederation of merchant guilds and market towns in Northwestern and Central Europe.	central europe,market town,merchant guild,defensive confederation,hanseatic league,league,central,commercial,northwestern,defensive,town,confederation,market,merchant,guild
Blacksand is a British guitar-based electronica duo consisting of Nick Franglen of Lemon Jelly and C.J. Casey of Akasha.	c.j. casey,lemon jelly,nick franglen,electronica duo,british guitar,british,casey,guitar,c.j.,electronica,jelly,lemon,nick,franglen
The Lithuanian Green Party is a green political party in Lithuania.	political party,green political,green party,lithuanian green,green,party,political,lithuanian,lithuania
The USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships is an annual track and field competition organized by USA Track & Field, which serves as the American national championships for the sport.	national championship,usa track,american national,field competition,annual track,field championships,outdoor track,usa outdoor,field,track,championship,national,american,championships,annual,competition,outdoor
Schistura crabro is a species of ray-finned fish in the stone loach genus Schistura from Laos.	genus schistura,loach genus,stone loach,schistura crabro,schistura,fish,stone,species,loach,crabro,genus,laos
Prince Alexander von Fürstenberg is the son of fashion designers Diane von Fürstenberg and Prince Egon von Fürstenberg.	von fürstenberg,fashion designer,designer diane,diane von,prince egon,egon von,alexander von,prince alexander,fürstenberg,prince,fashion,designer,diane,alexander,egon
Fortune Summoners: Secret of the Elemental Stone is a 2D side-scrolling action role-playing video game.	video game,action role,elemental stone,fortune summoners,summoners,video,secret,role,elemental,action,stone,fortune,game
Joseph Edward "Joe" Mulherin, better known by his stage name Nothing,Nowhere , is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and producer.While the music composed by Mulherin is entirely written, produced and performed by Mulherin, he maintains a group of musicians which consist of friends that perform with him for live shows under the nothing,nowhere.	live show,american rapper,joseph edward,mulherin,live,edward,friend,musician,rapper,singer,american,songwriter
Open water swimming is a swimming discipline which takes place in outdoor bodies of water such as open oceans, lakes, and rivers.	open ocean,outdoor body,swimming discipline,water swimming,open water,water,swimming,lake,ocean,open,outdoor,place,body,discipline,river
Amir Ullah Khan is an Indian economist.	indian economist,ullah khan,amir ullah,ullah,indian,khan,amir,economist
Gulabchand Hirachand Doshi was scion of Walchand group, noted industrialist, philanthropist and a Nationalist.	walchand group,hirachand doshi,gulabchand hirachand,hirachand,philanthropist,doshi,industrialist,scion,group,walchand,gulabchand,nationalist
Angoda is a town in central Ivory Coast.	ivory coast,central ivory,town,ivory,central,angoda,coast
Qarwa K'anti is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres high.	metre high,mountain range,chunta mountain,qarwa k'anti,mountain,metre,k'anti,peru,andes,range,high,qarwa,chunta
4-Aminoquinoline is a form of aminoquinoline with the amino group at the 4-position of the quinoline.	aminoquinoline,amino,group,form,quinoline
Chuck Versus the Tango is the third episode of the TV series Chuck, airing on October 8, 2007.	series chuck,tv series,chuck versus,chuck,episode,tango,versus,series,october
The Three Nations Senior Lacrosse League is a Senior B box lacrosse league based out of Ontario, Quebec and New York, sanctioned by the First Nations Lacrosse Association .	lacrosse league,box lacrosse,b box,lacrosse association,senior b,nations lacrosse,first nations,new york,senior lacrosse,nations senior,lacrosse,nations,senior,league,york,quebec,first,ontario
Mohammed Al-Waked is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Saudi Professional League team Al-Hilal.	team al,league team,professional league,arabian footballer,saudi professional,saudi arabian,mohammed al,saudi,team,league,footballer,professional,waked,arabian,goalkeeper,mohammed
Sweden: Heaven and Hell is an Italian mondo film from 1968 directed by Luigi Scattini.	luigi scattini,mondo film,italian mondo,heaven,luigi,hell,film,italian,mondo,sweden,scattini
Anno 1701: Dawn of Discovery is a real-time strategy video game of the Anno franchise for the Nintendo DS. It is published by Disney Interactive and makes extensive use of the system's touch-screen capabilities.	screen capability,extensive use,disney interactive,nintendo ds,anno franchise,video game,strategy video,time strategy,anno,screen,touch,system,extensive,interactive,disney,time
The Tsilma is a river in Leshukonsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and Ust-Tsilemsky District of the Komi Republic in Russia.	komi republic,tsilemsky district,arkhangelsk oblast,leshukonsky district,district,river,republic,leshukonsky,komi,oblast,arkhangelsk,tsilemsky,tsilma
Julius von Newald was a 19th-century mayor of Vienna.	century mayor,von newald,julius von,mayor,newald,century,julius,vienna
Op-Center or Tom Clancy's Op-Center is the first novel in Tom Clancy's Op-Center created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik.	tom clancy,steve pieczenik,clancy,center,steve,novel,pieczenik
Sima Kamil is a Pakistani banker.	pakistani banker,sima kamil,kamil,pakistani,sima,banker
Siraparapu Ashish is an Indian cricketer.	indian cricketer,siraparapu ashish,ashish,indian,siraparapu,cricketer
Madan Lal Khurana was an Indian politician also was Chief Minister of Delhi from 1993 to 1996.	chief minister,indian politician,lal khurana,madan lal,minister,khurana,chief,indian,politician,madan,delhi
Zu Mantua in Banden is one of the most popular folk songs and, since 1948, the official anthem of the current Austrian State of Tyrol, i.e.	austrian state,current austrian,official anthem,folk song,popular folk,zu mantua,mantua,state,banden,austrian,popular,current,folk,anthem,song,official
Admiral Kuznetsov Strait is a 50 km-wide strait in Russia.	kuznetsov strait,admiral kuznetsov,strait,kuznetsov,admiral,russia
William Barr Friedlander was an American songwriter and theater producer who staged many Broadway shows in the 1920s and 1930s.	theater producer,american songwriter,barr friedlander,william barr,barr,friedlander,broadway,american,producer,songwriter,theater,william
The Stan Musial is a fireboat stationed in the Port of St.	musial,port,fireboat,stan
Sekka Zusetsu is a figure collection written by Doi Toshitsura , the 4th daimyō of Koga Domain in 1832.	koga domain,doi toshitsura,figure collection,sekka zusetsu,zusetsu,koga,figure,daimyō,collection,toshitsura,sekka,domain
Osric was king of Northumbria from the death of Coenred in 718 until his death on 9 May 729.	death,king,northumbria,osric,coenred
De analysi per aequationes numero terminorum infinitas 	terminorum infinita,de analysi,analysi,terminorum,aequatione,infinita
Andrew J. Horne is an attorney and a retired United States Marine Corps Reserves Lieutenant Colonel from Louisville, Kentucky who served in the Persian Gulf War and the Iraq War.	iraq war,gulf war,lieutenant colonel,persian gulf,reserves lieutenant,corps reserves,marine corps,states marine,united states,j. horne,horne,gulf,attorney,persian,retired,kentucky,united,louisville
GhostBSD is a Unix-like operating system based on TrueOS, with MATE and Xfce as its default desktop environments .	desktop environment,default desktop,operating system,like operating,unix,desktop,like,default,operating,xfce,system,mate,trueos,ghostbsd
Britannia was launched in 1806 as an East Indiaman for the British East India Company.	india company,british east,east indiaman,east,india,indiaman,british,company,britannia
Portland, Oregon, United States, is home to three major league sports teams — the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association, the Portland Timbers of Major League Soccer, and the Portland Thorns FC of the National Women's Soccer League.	major league,soccer league,national women,thorns fc,sport team,trail blazers,basketball association,league sport,portland trail,national basketball,portland,national,major,league,soccer,states,united,home,oregon,sport
Château de Vaugoubert is a château in Quinsac, Dordogne, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France.	château,aquitaine,quinsac,nouvelle,dordogne,vaugoubert,france
The Stetson–Ford House is a historic First Period house at 2 Meadow Farms Way in Norwell, Massachusetts.	farms way,meadow farms,period house,first period,historic first,ford house,house,norwell,ford,farms,meadow,first,historic,period,massachusetts
Bumiputra-Commerce Holdings Berhad  is the listed vehicle for CIMB Group, Malaysia’s second largest financial services group.	service group,financial service,cimb group,large financial,holdings berhad,commerce holdings,group,commerce,holdings,berhad,vehicle,cimb,large,financial,malaysia,service
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from 126001 through 127000, inclusive.	minor planet,partial list,list,planet,minor,partial,inclusive
The 1933–34 Wyoming Cowboys basketball team represented the University of Wyoming during the 1933–34 NCAA men's basketball season in the United States.	united states,basketball season,basketball team,ncaa man,cowboys basketball,wyoming cowboys,wyoming,basketball,united,season,university,ncaa,team,cowboys,states
Night Is the New Day is Katatonia's eighth full-length album.	length album,new day,length,eighth,katatonia,night,album
Aliabad-e Navvabi is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	yazd province,taft county,central district,rural district,pishkuh rural,e navvabi,district,province,navvabi,yazd,village,county,pishkuh,taft,rural
Omoglymmius ephemeris is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae.	subfamily rhysodidae,omoglymmius ephemeris,ephemeris,subfamily,species,beetle,omoglymmius,rhysodidae
Fugalei is an islet of Wallis and Futuna.	islet,wallis,fugalei,futuna
In United States patent law, inequitable conduct is a breach of the applicant's duty of candor and good faith during patent prosecution or similar proceedings.	similar proceeding,patent prosecution,inequitable conduct,good faith,patent law,states patent,united states,patent,similar,states,prosecution,applicant,breach,duty,conduct,candor,inequitable
The Honduran white bat , also called the Caribbean white tent-making bat, is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomatidae.	family phyllostomatidae,white tent,caribbean white,white bat,honduran white,white,family,caribbean,tent,phyllostomatidae,species,honduran
Amarnath Bhai is a noted social activist and sarvodaya leader from Varanasi.	sarvodaya leader,social activist,amarnath bhai,bhai,leader,social,sarvodaya,activist,amarnath,varanasi
Hovet is an arena located in the Johanneshov district of Stockholm which is mainly used for ice hockey, concerts and corporate events.	corporate event,ice hockey,johanneshov district,arena,corporate,johanneshov,concert,district,hockey,stockholm,hovet,event
The Alexandrian school is a collective designation for certain tendencies in literature, philosophy, medicine, and the sciences that developed in the Hellenistic cultural center of Alexandria, Egypt during the Hellenistic and Roman periods.Alexandria was a remarkable center of learning due to the blending of Greek and Oriental influences, its favorable situation and commercial resources, and the enlightened energy of some of the Macedonian Dynasty of the Ptolemies ruling over Egypt, in the final centuries BC. Much scholarly work was collected in the great Library of Alexandria during this time.	great library,scholarly work,much scholarly,century bc,commercial resource,macedonian dynasty,final century,favorable situation,remarkable center,oriental influence,alexandria,hellenistic,egypt,center,school,collective,designation,certain,tendency,commercial
The 10mm Auto is a powerful semi-automatic pistol cartridge first developed by American Jeff Cooper and introduced in 1983 with the Bren Ten pistol.	ten pistol,jeff cooper,bren ten,american jeff,pistol cartridge,automatic pistol,powerful semi,mm auto,pistol,auto,powerful,semi,jeff,cooper,automatic,american,bren,cartridge
Vesyoly is a rural locality in Abadzekhskoye Rural Settlement of Maykopsky District, Russia.	maykopsky district,rural settlement,abadzekhskoye rural,rural locality,rural,district,maykopsky,settlement,locality,abadzekhskoye,russia,vesyoly
Billy Jack is a 1971 action/drama independent film, the second of four films centering on a character of the same name which began with the movie The Born Losers , played by Tom Laughlin, who directed and co-wrote the script.	tom laughlin,born losers,independent film,drama independent,billy jack,film,jack,laughlin,action,drama,losers,independent,born
Madhav Sadashiv Golwalkar (Marathi: मा. स.	sadashiv golwalkar,madhav sadashiv,sadashiv,marathi,golwalkar,madhav
Kojiki , also sometimes read as Furukotofumi, is the oldest extant chronicle in Japan, dating from the early 8th century and composed by Ō no Yasumaro at the request of Empress Genmei.	empress genmei,extant chronicle,old extant,furukotofumi,empress,request,extant,yasumaro,chronicle,japan,century
Hen Island is an island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	western coast,hen island,island,tasmania,coast,western,south,australia
Tracey O'Connor is a retired New Zealand female tennis player.	tennis player,female tennis,zealand female,new zealand,retired new,tracey o'connor,o'connor,tennis,retired,female,zealand,tracey,player
Visual Prolog, also formerly known as PDC Prolog and Turbo Prolog, is a strongly typed object-oriented extension of Prolog.	turbo prolog,pdc prolog,visual prolog,prolog,object,extension,visual,turbo
The open hatch bulk carrier, often referred to as OHBC or conbulker, is designed to offer direct access to the hold through hatches which extend the full width of the vessel.	direct access,bulk carrier,hatch bulk,open hatch,hatch,width,conbulker,ohbc,direct,carrier,access,bulk,hold,vessel
Worlds Collide is an intercompany crossover event presented in July 1994 in the Milestone Comics titles and the Superman-related titles published by DC Comics.	dc comics,comics title,milestone comics,crossover event,intercompany crossover,worlds collide,title,comics,collide,intercompany,crossover,event,july,milestone,worlds
Inches from the Mainline is the debut studio album by Slaves on Dope, released on February 3, 2000.	studio album,debut studio,mainline,dope,debut,slave,studio,album,inch,february
Flaveria is a genus of plants in the marigold family.	genus,marigold,plant,flaveria,family
Egil H. Thomassen FRPSL is a Norwegian aerophilatelist who was appointed to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 2000.	distinguished philatelist,norwegian aerophilatelist,thomassen frpsl,h. thomassen,egil h.,distinguished,thomassen,roll,frpsl,aerophilatelist,norwegian,egil,philatelist
Cubillo del Campo is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	del campo,cubillo del,león,campo,castile,municipality,burgos,province,cubillo,spain
Frederic Albert Casey was a working class socialist educationalist who was active in the National Council of Labour Colleges.	labour colleges,national council,socialist educationalist,class socialist,albert casey,frederic albert,albert,labour,casey,council,class,national,socialist,active,educationalist,frederic
The Immaculate Heart of Mary School is a historic school building on the campus of the Immaculate Heart of Mary Church in northern Pulaski County, Arkansas.	immaculate heart,pulaski county,mary school,school building,historic school,northern pulaski,mary church,school,mary,county,pulaski,northern,campus,church,immaculate,building,heart
Durg University is a state university situated at Durg, Chhattisgarh, India.	state university,durg university,university,chhattisgarh,durg,state,india
Thaumatopsis atomosella is a moth in the family Crambidae.	family crambidae,thaumatopsis atomosella,atomosella,family,moth,thaumatopsis,crambidae
Shona is a female name of Gaelic origin, cognate to the English "Jane".	female,english,gaelic,origin,shona,jane
Brian McNaught is a corporate diversity and sensitivity coach and author who specializes in LGBT issues in the workplace.	lgbt issue,sensitivity coach,corporate diversity,brian mcnaught,mcnaught,issue,corporate,lgbt,diversity,author,sensitivity,coach,brian,workplace
Rodney Elton, 2nd Baron Elton is a British politician and Conservative member of the House of Lords.	conservative member,british politician,baron elton,rodney elton,elton,house,member,conservative,politician,british,baron,lords,rodney
The environmental impact of iron ore mining, in all its phases of, from excavation to beneficiation to transportation, may include detrimental effects on air quality, water quality, and biological species.	biological specie,water quality,air quality,ore mining,detrimental effect,iron ore,environmental impact,quality,impact,biological,iron,mining,effect,phase,detrimental
Vilas Potnis is an Indian politician belonging to the Shiv Sena party.	sena party,shiv sena,indian politician,vilas potnis,potnis,sena,indian,shiv,politician,vilas,party
Girolles is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.	central france,loiret department,commune,central,loiret,north,department,girolle,france
John H. McCall MacBain, (born c.	mccall macbain,h. mccall,john h.,macbain,mccall,john
A "songster" is a wandering musician, usually but not always African-American, of the type which first appeared in the late 19th century in the southern United States.	united states,southern united,musician,united,african,southern,american,century,type,late,songster
Zaghehlu is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	zanjan province,khodabandeh county,rud district,bizineh rud,rural district,rud rural,zarrineh rud,district,province,village,zanjan,county,zarrineh,khodabandeh,rural,bizineh
Graham Quinn is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 1980s.	league footballer,rugby league,graham quinn,quinn,australian,footballer,rugby,league,graham
Aeronwy Bryn Thomas-Ellis was a translator of Italian poetry and the second child and only daughter of the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas and his wife, Caitlin Macnamara.	caitlin macnamara,dylan thomas,poet dylan,second child,welsh poet,italian poetry,bryn thomas,aeronwy bryn,thomas,caitlin,bryn,wife,second,child,poetry,daughter,italian,welsh
Githabul, also known as Galibal, Dinggabal, and Condamine – Upper Clarence Bandjalang, is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken by the Githabul living in South Queensland and North-East New South Wales.	south wales,new south,south queensland,aboriginal language,east new,australian aboriginal,clarence bandjalang,upper clarence,south,githabul,clarence,upper,bandjalang,condamine,australian,dinggabal,aboriginal,north
A supercapacitor  is a high-capacity capacitor with capacitance values much higher than other capacitors that bridge the gap between electrolytic capacitors and rechargeable batteries.	rechargeable battery,electrolytic capacitor,capacitance value,capacity capacitor,capacitor,high,rechargeable,value,capacitance,electrolytic,capacity,battery,supercapacitor
Gmina Wojciechowice is a rural gmina in Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	central poland,świętokrzyskie voivodeship,opatów county,rural gmina,gmina wojciechowice,gmina,central,south,voivodeship,świętokrzyskie,county,opatów,wojciechowice,rural,poland
Vail Resorts, Inc.	resorts,vail,inc.
Admiral Madhvendra Singh, PVSM, AVSM, ADC was Chief of Naval Staff of the Indian Navy between 29 December 2001 and his retirement from service on 31 July 2004.	indian navy,naval staff,madhvendra singh,admiral madhvendra,madhvendra,service,singh,retirement,pvsm,december,avsm,navy,indian
The United Nations General Assembly Resolution 43/176 of 15 December 1988 was a resolution in which the General Assembly called for the convening of an International Peace Conference on the Middle East, under the auspices of the United Nations.	general assembly,united nations,assembly resolution,nations general,peace conference,international peace,middle east,resolution,general,assembly,middle,conference,east,peace,auspex,united,international
Manipal University Jaipur , Jaipur is a private research university located in the city of Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.	research university,private research,university jaipur,manipal university,jaipur,university,rajasthan,research,private,city,india,manipal
UFC 45: Revolution was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on November 21, 2003, at the Mohegan Sun Casino in Uncasville, Connecticut.	sun casino,fighting championship,mohegan sun,ultimate fighting,art event,martial art,mixed martial,revolution,uncasville,mixed,casino,martial,mohegan,event,november
Prasco is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, and founded in 2002 by E. Thomas Arington, former Chairman and CEO of Duramed Pharmaceuticals and former president of the healthcare consulting firm MarketMaster.	firm marketmaster,duramed pharmaceuticals,thomas arington,e. thomas,pharmaceutical company,pharmaceutical,firm,company,healthcare,cincinnati,president,ohio,pharmaceuticals,duramed
Rudolf "Rudi" Smidts is a former Belgian football defender.	football defender,belgian football,rudi,football,smidts,belgian,rudolf,defender
Leslie Savage was a British freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,freestyle swimmer,british freestyle,leslie savage,savage,summer,british,swimmer,freestyle,leslie,olympics
Lemon Tree is a folk song written by Will Holt in the late 1950s.	will holt,folk song,lemon tree,tree,late,folk,holt,song,will,lemon
Cooper Land is an American former professional basketball player who is most known for his time spent in the State Basketball League with the Rockingham Flames.	rockingham flames,basketball league,basketball player,state basketball,professional basketball,cooper land,basketball,land,rockingham,american,league,professional,time,player,state,cooper
Akpassi is a town and arrondissement in the Collines Department of Benin.	town,department,arrondissement,collines,akpassi,benin
Sambo was contested at the 2013 Summer Universiade from July 14 to 16 at the Tatneft Arena in Kazan, Russia.	tatneft arena,summer universiade,summer,kazan,universiade,arena,july,tatneft,sambo,russia
John Chirkun is a Democratic politician from Michigan currently representing the 22nd District—which includes the city of Roseville and part of the city of Warren—in the Michigan House of Representatives after being elected in November 2014.	michigan house,democratic politician,john chirkun,michigan,city,chirkun,representatives,democratic,house,politician,district,warren
Tony Cisek is an American scenic designer.	scenic designer,american scenic,tony cisek,cisek,scenic,american,tony,designer
Tesfaldet Tekie is an Eritrean-born Swedish footballer who plays for Östersunds FK, on loan from Belgian Pro League side Gent as a midfielder.	pro league,belgian pro,östersunds fk,swedish footballer,tesfaldet tekie,tekie,gent,eritrean,league,swedish,footballer,belgian,östersunds,loan
The Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games, also known as AIMAG, is a pancontinental multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia, after the merger of the Asian Indoor Games and the Asian Martial Arts Games.	arts games,asian indoor,martial arts,pancontinental multi,sport event,indoor games,asian martial,games,asian,martial,indoor,event,sport,year,multi,athlete,pancontinental
Mbwana Mkanga is a Tanzanian boxer.	tanzanian boxer,mbwana mkanga,mkanga,tanzanian,mbwana,boxer
The Bayer designation Omega Aquarii is shared by two star systems, in the constellation Aquarius:	constellation aquarius,star system,omega aquarii,designation omega,bayer designation,designation,constellation,omega,system,aquarii,star,bayer,aquarius
ω2 AquariiThey are separated by 0.78° on the sky.	aquariithey
Zheleznogorsk is a closed town in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, with a developed nuclear industry.	nuclear industry,krasnoyarsk krai,closed town,closed,nuclear,town,russia,krasnoyarsk,krai,zheleznogorsk,industry
Rudniki  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	central poland,poland voivodeship,greater poland,tomyśl county,nowy tomyśl,gmina opalenica,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,opalenica,nowy,tomyśl,county,greater
Joy Fleming , aka Erna Libenow, was a German singer best known for her performance in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1975.	song contest,eurovision song,german singer,erna libenow,joy fleming,fleming,song,erna,eurovision,libenow,performance,german,singer,contest
San Pablo Creek Marsh is a wetlands in Richmond, California on the city's western shoreline with San Pablo Bay and the Castro Cove estuary.	san pablo,creek marsh,pablo creek,cove estuary,castro cove,western shoreline,pablo bay,pablo,cove,castro,california,richmond,city,wetland,western,marsh
Science Ninja Team Gatchaman (科学忍者隊ガッチャマン, Kagaku Ninjatai Gatchaman, lit.	ninjatai gatchaman,kagaku ninjatai,team gatchaman,ninja team,science ninja,gatchaman,ninja,team,kagaku,科学忍者隊ガッチャマン,ninjatai,science
Eduardo Menichetti Pilas was a Chilean businessman from Santiago, best known as the president of the football club Colo-Colo from 1990 to 1995.	club colo,chilean businessman,football club,menichetti pilas,eduardo menichetti,menichetti,pilas,chilean,businessman,santiago,president,football,club,colo,eduardo
Wabedo Lake is a lake in Cass County, Minnesota, in the United States.Wabedo Lake was named for a Ojibwe warrior killed by Sioux.The Wabedo Lake is 1,185 acres in size and it is approximately 95 feet deep at its deepest point.	wabedo lake,cass county,united states,ojibwe warrior,deep point,foot deep,lake,deep,wabedo,foot,minnesota,united,size,county,states,warrior
The Illinois Steel Company was an American steel producer with five plants in Illinois and Wisconsin.	steel producer,american steel,steel company,illinois steel,steel,illinois,plant,producer,company,american,wisconsin
Cryptogemma japonica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.	family turridae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,cryptogemma japonica,japonica,family,species,mollusk,gastropod,snail,marine,cryptogemma,turridae
HMAS Balikpapan was the lead ship of the Balikpapan class of heavy landing craft .	landing craft,heavy landing,balikpapan class,lead ship,hmas balikpapan,balikpapan,landing,heavy,class,lead,ship,craft,hmas
Radwanów-Kolonia is a village located in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia Konecka, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	central poland,świętokrzyskie voivodeship,końskie county,słupia konecka,gmina słupia,administrative district,kolonia,central,village,south,administrative,voivodeship,district,świętokrzyskie,gmina,county
Dastgerdan is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	khorasan province,south khorasan,tabas county,dastgerdan district,rural district,dastgerdan rural,dastgerdan,district,province,khorasan,south,county,tabas,rural,iran,village
Ummidia Cornificia Faustina was a wealthy Roman noblewoman, an heiress and the niece of the Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius.	marcus aurelius,emperor marcus,roman noblewoman,roman emperor,wealthy roman,cornificia faustina,ummidia cornificia,roman,cornificia,marcus,faustina,emperor,wealthy,heiress,noblewoman,niece,ummidia
Sore , often stylized as SORE) is a Jakarta-based indie band formed in 2002.	jakarta,indie,sore,band
Guillermo Robazoglio da Casale was an Italian Franciscan who became the 32nd Minister General of his order.	minister general,italian franciscan,da casale,robazoglio da,guillermo robazoglio,robazoglio,general,minister,casale,italian,franciscan,guillermo,order
The 11th Guards Rifle Division was a rifle division of the Red Army during the Great Patriotic War.	rifle division,patriotic war,great patriotic,red army,guards rifle,guards,patriotic,rifle,great,division,army
Santa María Chachoapam is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico.	western mexico,maría chachoapam,santa maría,maría,western,chachoapam,south,town,oaxaca,municipality,santa,mexico
Dance Yourself Dizzy is a 1980 song by Liquid Gold taken from their self-titled album.	liquid gold,yourself dizzy,dizzy,self,song,gold,liquid,yourself,album
Not to be confused with Hamilton Film Festival or the Hamilton Music and Film Festival, both held in Hamilton, Ontario, nor with Hamilton International Film Festival held in Hamilton, New YorkThe Hamilton Underground Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Hamilton, New Zealand.	film festival,hamilton music,international film,hamilton international,new yorkthe,yorkthe hamilton,hamilton underground,underground film,annual film,new zealand,hamilton,film,festival,yorkthe,annual,music,international,underground,zealand
Stitchwort is the common name of several plants of the following genera:	common,following,plant,stitchwort,genera
Edward Wiskoski is an American retired professional wrestler.	professional wrestler,retired professional,american retired,edward wiskoski,wiskoski,professional,american,retired,edward,wrestler
CCGS Teleost is a Canadian Coast Guard fisheries research vessel.	research vessel,fishery research,guard fishery,coast guard,canadian coast,ccgs teleost,teleost,research,canadian,fishery,coast,guard,ccgs,vessel
Chhapar Jogian is a village in the Tosham tehsil of the Bhiwani district in the Indian state of Haryana.	indian state,bhiwani district,tosham tehsil,chhapar jogian,jogian,state,village,indian,tosham,district,tehsil,bhiwani,chhapar,haryana
Rubielos de la Cérida is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	la cérida,de la,rubielos de,aragon,teruel,cérida,province,municipality,rubielos,spain
Painted Faces is a 1988 Hong Kong drama film written and directed by Alex Law and starring Sammo Hung as his mentor, Master Yu Jim-yuen, of the China Drama Academy.	drama academy,yu jim,china drama,master yu,sammo hung,alex law,drama film,kong drama,hong kong,drama,hong,kong,mentor,hung,master,sammo
Instant Crush is a song written, produced, and performed by French electronic music duo Daft Punk and American musician Julian Casablancas.	julian casablancas,musician julian,daft punk,american musician,duo daft,music duo,electronic music,french electronic,instant crush,crush,julian,song,musician,french,american,electronic,punk,music,daft
Orphan Black is a Canadian science fiction television series that premiered on March 30, 2013 on Space.	television series,fiction television,science fiction,canadian science,orphan black,black,march,canadian,series,science,television,fiction,orphan,space
Manito Park and Botanical Gardens is a 90-acre public park with arboretum, botanical gardens, and conservatory, located at 17th Ave and Grand Blvd in Spokane, Washington, United States.	united states,grand blvd,public park,botanical gardens,manito park,park,botanical,united,washington,spokane,blvd,grand,conservatory
Çatalharman is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	mersin province,mut district,village,province,mersin,district,çatalharman,turkey
David L. "Dave" Mejias is an American politician.	american politician,david l.,american,dave,mejias,david,politician
Indra J. Adler is a British actress, writer, singer, and songwriter.	british actress,j. adler,indra j.,singer,adler,writer,british,actress,indra,songwriter
Cherukunnu is a census town in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.	indian state,kannur district,census town,census,state,town,indian,kannur,district,cherukunnu,kerala
The Royal Higher Education Center also known as Royal University, is a private university founded in August 2003 in the city of Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, México.	nuevo laredo,private university,royal university,education center,higher education,royal higher,university,royal,tamaulipas,laredo,nuevo,city,august,education,higher,center
Eiken is a fanservice-themed manga and anime series created by Seiji Matsuyama.	seiji matsuyama,anime series,fanservice,seiji,manga,series,anime,eiken,matsuyama
The 1974–75 season of the Moroccan Throne Cup was the 19th edition of the competition.	throne cup,moroccan throne,moroccan,edition,throne,season,competition
Art Rock Circus is a progressive rock band that originated with the purpose of performing the John Miner inspired Rock Opera Heavens Cafe in Las Vegas during 1996.	las vegas,heavens cafe,opera heavens,rock band,rock opera,john miner,progressive rock,rock circus,art rock,rock,cafe,heavens,opera,purpose,john,band,miner,circus
Secrets is a television play broadcast in 1968 as part of the CBS Playhouse series.	playhouse series,cbs playhouse,television play,television,playhouse,play,secret,series
Niegosławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	central poland,świętokrzyskie voivodeship,pińczów county,gmina złota,administrative district,village,central,administrative,south,district,voivodeship,gmina,świętokrzyskie,złota,county
Highland is an unincorporated community in Ritchie County, West Virginia, United States.	united states,west virginia,ritchie county,unincorporated community,unincorporated,united,community,virginia,ritchie,west,county,highland,states
Yuta Nakatsuka is a Japanese Dancer, He is one of the performers of the Japanese all-male dance and music group Generations from Exile Tribe.	exile tribe,group generations,music group,male dance,japanese dancer,yuta nakatsuka,japanese,exile,generations,group,nakatsuka,music,dance,male,dancer,performer
Babe is a song by boy band Take That.	song,babe,band
Priscila Faria de Oliveira commonly known as Priscila is a Brazilian women's international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	international footballer,brazilian woman,priscila faria,priscila,footballer,international,woman,brazilian,faria,oliveira,midfielder
California Nights is a song written by Marvin Hamlisch and Howard Liebling and recorded by Lesley Gore.	lesley gore,howard liebling,marvin hamlisch,california nights,nights,lesley,song,liebling,marvin,howard,hamlisch,california,gore
Vallvé is a Catalan surname.	catalan,vallvé,surname
Corso Italia is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, situated on St.	italia,canada,neighbourhood,ontario,toronto,corso
Club Polideportivo Malpartida is a Spanish football team based in Malpartida de Cáceres, in the autonomous community of Extremadura.	autonomous community,football team,spanish football,polideportivo malpartida,club polideportivo,malpartida,community,autonomous,polideportivo,cáceres,football,spanish,team,extremadura,club
Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Puerto Rico.	puerto,reservoir,list,rico
Ksente Bogoev (Macedonian: Ксенте Богоев; born 20 October 1919 in Leunovo; died 20.	ксенте богоев,ksente bogoev,bogoev,october,macedonian,богоев,ксенте,ksente,leunovo
Merry-Sec is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.	central france,yonne department,central,commune,north,yonne,comté,department,franche,bourgogne,merry
Peyraube is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.	western france,pyrénées department,commune,western,hautes,south,pyrénées,department,peyraube,france
Gayle Rankin is a Scottish actress, best known as Sheila the She-Wolf in the TV series GLOW.	series glow,tv series,scottish actress,gayle rankin,rankin,series,scottish,actress,wolf,sheila,gayle,glow
She also played the role of Queen Victoria in The Greatest Showman.	greatest showman,queen victoria,queen,greatest,victoria,role,showman
Phyllonorycter sagitella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae.	family gracillariidae,phyllonorycter sagitella,sagitella,family,moth,phyllonorycter,gracillariidae
The 1792 State of the Union Address was delivered by George Washington to Congress on Tuesday, November 6, 1792.	george washington,union address,union,tuesday,address,congress,george,washington,state,november
Bostan is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	kerman province,baft county,central district,rural district,fathabad rural,district,province,village,kerman,fathabad,county,rural,baft,iran,bostan
In engineering, optomechatronics is a field that investigates the integration of optical components and technology into mechatronic systems.	mechatronic system,optical component,optomechatronic,mechatronic,field,technology,integration,component,optical,engineering,system
Agnė Simonavičiūtė is a Lithuanian female balloonist and FAI women's vice world champion.	world champion,vice world,fai woman,female balloonist,lithuanian female,agnė simonavičiūtė,simonavičiūtė,world,lithuanian,vice,female,woman,balloonist,agnė,champion
The Mona Lisa or La Gioconda , French: La Joconde ) is a half-length portrait painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci that has been described as "the best known, the most visited, the most written about, the most sung about, the most parodied work of art in the world." The Mona Lisa is also one of the most valuable paintings in the world.	mona lisa,da vinci,la gioconda,leonardo da,artist leonardo,la joconde,renaissance artist,portrait painting,italian renaissance,length portrait,painting,world,lisa,vinci,leonardo,parodied,artist,work
The Very Best of Sister Sledge 1973–93 is a greatest hits album by American vocal group Sister Sledge, released in 1993.	sister sledge,hit album,great hit,american vocal,vocal group,group sister,sister,album,american,great,vocal,sledge,group,good
Dargoszewo  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.	western poland,pomeranian voivodeship,west pomeranian,kamień county,gmina golczewo,administrative district,village,area,administrative,poland,district,western,gmina,north,golczewo,voivodeship
Emerich Szerencsés was deputy treasurer of the Kingdom of Hungary and a Jewish convert to Christianity.	jewish convert,deputy treasurer,emerich szerencsés,szerencsés,convert,deputy,jewish,treasurer,hungary,kingdom,emerich,christianity
The shark mullet , also known as the sharp-nosed mullet or skipjack mullet, is a species of ray-finned fish from the grey mullet family Mugilidae.	family mugilidae,mullet family,nosed mullet,grey mullet,shark mullet,mullet,family,fish,species,grey,sharp,nosed,mugilidae,shark
The Havre de Grace Racetrack was an American horse racing track on Post Road in Havre de Grace, Harford County, Maryland which operated from August 24, 1912 to 1950.	havre de,de grace,grace racetrack,racing track,horse racing,american horse,post road,harford county,grace,maryland,county,track,racing,post,harford,horse,road,havre
Eatoniella caliginosa is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eatoniellidae, the eatoniellids.	family eatoniellidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,minute sea,eatoniella caliginosa,caliginosa,eatoniellidae,species,family,minute,mollusk,gastropod,snail,marine
Ireland–United States relations refers to the current and historical bilateral relationship between Ireland and the United States.	united states,states relation,bilateral relationship,historical bilateral,ireland,united,states,relation,current,historical,bilateral,relationship
Samuel 'Wale Bolorunduro is a Nigerian engineer, oil &gas professional, financial consultant and seasoned banker.	seasoned banker,financial consultant,gas professional,nigerian engineer,wale bolorunduro,wale,seasoned,bolorunduro,consultant,nigerian,financial,engineer,professional
The Ghana Democratic Republican Party is a political party registered in Ghana.	political party,republican party,democratic republican,ghana democratic,party,democratic,ghana,republican,political
A Poncet Platform or Poncet mount is a type of equatorial platform that uses a simple polar pivot and an inclined plane.	inclined plane,polar pivot,simple polar,equatorial platform,poncet mount,poncet platform,platform,inclined,pivot,polar,simple,mount,type,poncet,equatorial,plane
Ibrahim Qashoush was a Syrian man who has been credited as the author of the protest anthem "Yalla Erhal Ya Bashar".	ya bashar,erhal ya,yalla erhal,protest anthem,syrian man,ibrahim qashoush,qashoush,syrian,erhal,yalla,author,anthem,protest,ibrahim
Mumford Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Mumford, Texas .	school district,public school,independent school,mumford independent,mumford,district,school,independent,community,public,texas
Enoch Adejare Adeboye is a Nigerian pastor.	nigerian pastor,adejare adeboye,enoch adejare,adejare,nigerian,adeboye,enoch,pastor
The R.F.D. 2 was a single seat, wooden sailplane built in the UK in 1930.	wooden sailplane,single seat,single,sailplane,seat,wooden,r.f.d.
Sanderson is a census-designated place in and the county seat of Terrell County, Texas, United States.	united states,terrell county,county seat,county,census,united,place,texas,seat,terrell,sanderson,states
USS Zircon was an armed yacht that served in the United States Navy from 1941 to 1946.	states navy,united states,armed yacht,uss zircon,zircon,states,armed,united,yacht,navy
The Moor Quarter is one of Sheffield's twelve designated quarters, built around and named for The Moor, a pedestrianised thoroughfare.	moor,quarter,sheffield,thoroughfare
Matabeleland North is a province in western Zimbabwe.	western zimbabwe,matabeleland north,north,western,province,matabeleland,zimbabwe
Kühlungsborn ) is a Seebad town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	rostock district,seebad town,seebad,vorpommern,town,mecklenburg,rostock,district,kühlungsborn,germany
The Jinjang MRT station is a Mass Rapid Transit station under construction that will serve the suburb of Jinjang in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	kuala lumpur,transit station,rapid transit,mass rapid,mrt station,jinjang mrt,station,jinjang,lumpur,kuala,suburb,rapid,construction,mass,transit
The phrase "sack out" also refers to going to sleep.Sacking out is a method used by horse trainers to desensitize a horse to potentially frightening situations or objects.	frightening situation,horse trainer,horse,sack,situation,method,frightening,phrase,object,trainer
Zizyphomyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.	genus,family,zizyphomyia,tachinidae
In computer programming, data binding is a general technique that binds data sources from the provider and consumer together and synchronizes them.	data source,general technique,datum binding,computer programming,programming,provider,datum,source,binding,data,general,technique,computer,consumer
Columbus is a consolidated city-county located on the west central border of the U.S. state of Georgia.	u.s. state,central border,west central,consolidated city,consolidated,state,city,u.s.,county,border,west,central,columbus,georgia
Darreh-ye Eshkaft-e Alikhown is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	khuzestan province,andika county,abezhdan district,rural district,kushk rural,e alikhown,ye eshkaft,district,province,eshkaft,khuzestan,county,alikhown,andika,village
The 12th FINA World Swimming Championships were held in Doha, Qatar on 3–7 December 2014.	swimming championships,world swimming,fina world,fina,qatar,world,doha,swimming,championships,december
Jazz is a 2001 television documentary miniseries, directed by Ken Burns.	ken burns,documentary miniserie,television documentary,television,documentary,miniserie,jazz,burns
Tropico 6 is a construction, management and political simulation game in the Tropico series, developed by Limbic Entertainment, published by Kalypso Media, and announced at E3 2017.	kalypso media,limbic entertainment,tropico series,simulation game,political simulation,tropico,media,kalypso,entertainment,limbic,political,management,simulation,series,construction
Pliješevina is a village in Pljevlja Municipality, in northern Montenegro.	northern montenegro,pljevlja municipality,village,northern,pljevlja,municipality,pliješevina,montenegro
Lyle Preslar is an American musician best known for being the guitar player and songwriter for the hardcore punk band Minor Threat.	minor threat,band minor,punk band,guitar player,hardcore punk,american musician,lyle preslar,preslar,minor,american,band,musician,punk,guitar,hardcore,player,songwriter
William Edward Werner was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	new york,american lawyer,edward werner,william edward,edward,werner,politician,american,lawyer,william,york
The Ranganthaswamy temple in Srirangapatna, in the Mandya district of Karnataka state, India, is dedicated to the Hindu god Ranganatha .	karnataka state,mandya district,ranganthaswamy temple,temple,hindu,srirangapatna,india,mandya,state,district,karnataka,ranganthaswamy,ranganatha
The Permian is a geologic period and system which spans 47 million years from the end of the Carboniferous Period 298.9 million years ago , to the beginning of the Triassic period 251.902 Mya.	triassic period,carboniferous period,geologic period,period,year,geologic,carboniferous,triassic,beginning,system,permian
The Hamburg Sun is a weekly subscription based newspaper that covers local news and sports in Hamburg in the U.S. state of New York and the neighboring towns of Eden, Evans, Brant and North Collins and the villages of Angola, Farnham and Blasdell.	north collins,new york,u.s. state,local news,weekly subscription,hamburg sun,hamburg,farnham,angola,village,collins,north,brant,evans,eden,town
Shipton Kaserne is a small United States Army post outside of Ansbach, Germany.	army post,states army,united states,small united,shipton kaserne,kaserne,ansbach,small,post,united,army,states,shipton,germany
Roger De Coster is a Belgian former professional motocross racer and current Motorsport Director of KTM and Husqvarna North America.	north america,motorsport director,husqvarna north,current motorsport,motocross racer,professional motocross,de coster,roger de,north,coster,husqvarna,belgian,professional,director,motocross,motorsport
The Outrage is a remake of the 1950 Japanese film Rashomon, reformulated as a Western.	film rashomon,japanese film,remake,rashomon,japanese,film,outrage,western
Hylomantis buckleyi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	family hylidae,hylomantis buckleyi,buckleyi,family,species,frog,hylomantis,hylidae
Campbell Corner, Buckingham County is an unincorporated community in Buckingham County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.	buckingham county,unincorporated community,u.s. state,campbell corner,buckingham,county,state,corner,u.s.,community,unincorporated,virginia,campbell
Pépé Felly Manuaku, also known as Pépé Fely is a Congolese Rumba guitarist, songwriter, producer, arranger, Bandleader and lyricist from the Democratic Republic of Congo.	democratic republic,rumba guitarist,congolese rumba,felly manuaku,pépé felly,pépé,republic,democratic,lyricist,bandleader,arranger,producer,songwriter,guitarist,rumba
Aucke van der Werff  is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Party .	democratic party,christian democratic,dutch politician,der werff,van der,aucke van,democratic,christian,werff,politician,dutch,aucke,party
Carlos Moyá was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Gastón Gaudio.	gastón gaudio,carlos moyá,moyá,gastón,champion,round,carlos,gaudio
Dover District Council is the local authority for the Dover District in Kent.	dover district,district council,local authority,district,local,authority,dover,council,kent
The London Labour Party mayoral selection of 2002 was the process by which the Labour Party selected its candidate for Mayor of London, to stand in the 2004 mayoral election.	labour party,mayoral selection,party mayoral,mayoral election,london labour,mayoral,london,party,labour,selection,process,candidate,mayor,election
Brandon McKinney is an American football nose tackle who is currently a free agent.	free agent,nose tackle,football nose,american football,brandon mckinney,mckinney,free,american,tackle,football,nose,brandon,agent
The Legendary Pink Dots are an Anglo-Dutch experimental rock band formed in London in August 1980.	rock band,experimental rock,dutch experimental,pink dot,legendary pink,pink,london,band,anglo,rock,dutch,experimental,legendary,august
Hemel Hempstead is a historic town, later developed as a new town, in Hertfordshire, England.	new town,historic town,hemel hempstead,town,hempstead,hertfordshire,historic,hemel,england
Classical Christian education is an approach to learning which emphasizes biblical teachings and incorporates a teaching model from the classical education movement known as the Trivium, consisting of three parts: grammar, logic, and rhetoric.	education movement,classical education,teaching model,biblical teaching,christian education,classical christian,education,teaching,classical,logic,grammar,part,trivium,movement,biblical,approach
Coccotrypes distinctus is a species of typical bark beetle in the family Curculionidae.	family curculionidae,bark beetle,typical bark,coccotrype distinctus,distinctus,family,species,beetle,typical,bark,coccotrype,curculionidae
Lončarica  is a village in Croatia.	village,lončarica,croatia
The Liouville function, denoted by λ and named after Joseph Liouville, is an important function in number theory.	number theory,important function,joseph liouville,liouville function,function,liouville,number,joseph,important,theory
Jacqueline Morreau was born into a middle-class Jewish family in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, She was the daughter of Eugene Segall, a furniture dealer, and his wife, Jennie , a milliner.	furniture dealer,eugene segall,jewish family,class jewish,jacqueline morreau,morreau,jennie,middle,wife,class,dealer,jewish,furniture,family,segall
James Thompson Bixby was a United States Unitarian minister and writer.	unitarian minister,states unitarian,united states,thompson bixby,james thompson,thompson,minister,bixby,unitarian,united,states,james,writer
General Marcel Gatsinzi pronunciation is a Rwandan soldier and politician, who was Minister of Disaster Management and Refugee Affairs from 2010 to 2013.	refugee affairs,disaster management,rwandan soldier,gatsinzi pronunciation,marcel gatsinzi,general marcel,marcel,refugee,gatsinzi,management,pronunciation,disaster,rwandan,minister,soldier,politician
Hirenandihalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	southern state,belgaum district,village,karnataka,belgaum,state,district,southern,hirenandihalli,india
The Maldives competed at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics from 15–23 August in Berlin.	world,august,championships,athletics,maldives,berlin
Paul James Crook , known professionally as Mackenzie Crook, is an English actor, director, comedian and BAFTA-winning writer.	english actor,mackenzie crook,james crook,paul james,crook,bafta,james,comedian,director,actor,english,writer,paul,mackenzie
Restmore is a historic mansion at 375 Warner Hill Road in Fairfield, Connecticut.	hill road,warner hill,historic mansion,historic,fairfield,mansion,road,warner,hill,restmore,connecticut
Rally Cry is the fifth full-length studio album by Canadian rock band Arkells, released October 19, 2018 on Last Gang Records.The album was preceded by the politically-themed single "People's Champ", and "Relentless" was the second single.	second single,gang records,band arkells,last gang,rock band,canadian rock,studio album,length studio,rally cry,album,single,fifth,length,arkells,october,band,last,rock
Fort Fish was an earthworks fortification in northern Manhattan in New York City, built in 1814.	york city,new york,northern manhattan,earthwork fortification,fort fish,fish,york,earthwork,fortification,manhattan,northern,fort,city
Buderim is an urban centre on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia.	sunshine coast,urban centre,urban,queensland,centre,coast,sunshine,buderim,australia
Old Seminole Heights is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, in the U.S. state of Florida.	u.s. state,city limit,seminole heights,old seminole,seminole,state,heights,u.s.,neighborhood,tampa,city,limit,florida
Council of Christian Hospitals , an autonomous body of the Convention of Baptist Churches of Northern Circars, facilitates the management of the medical institutions founded by the Missionaries of the Canadian Baptist Mission.	baptist mission,medical institution,canadian baptist,northern circars,baptist churches,autonomous body,christian hospitals,baptist,christian,hospitals,autonomous,body,management,medical,circars,institution,northern
Foam separation is a chemical process which falls into a category of separation techniques called "Adsorptive bubble separation methods".	separation method,bubble separation,adsorptive bubble,separation technique,chemical process,foam separation,separation,process,adsorptive,chemical,category,technique,bubble,foam,method
The Experience + Innocence Tour was a worldwide concert tour by rock band U2.	rock band,concert tour,worldwide concert,innocence tour,tour,band,innocence,rock,worldwide,concert,experience
Simon Thomas Donnelly is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a forward or wide midfielder, and a coach.	wide midfielder,professional footballer,thomas donnelly,simon thomas,thomas,midfielder,donnelly,wide,scottish,forward,professional,footballer,simon,coach
Alison Brown is an American banjo player, guitarist, composer, and producer.	banjo player,american banjo,alison brown,brown,composer,american,guitarist,banjo,player,alison,producer
The 2010 Norwegian Football Cup Final was the final match of the 2010 Norwegian Football Cup, the 105th season of the Norwegian Football Cup, the premier Norwegian football cup competition organized by the Football Association of Norway .	football cup,norwegian football,cup final,final match,football association,premier norwegian,cup competition,football,norwegian,final,association,season,match,competition,premier
The 1992 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on November 3, 1992, as part of the 1992 United States presidential election.	presidential election,states presidential,united states,new hampshire,united,states,presidential,election,hampshire,place,november
The Church of San Torcuato is a church located in Santorcaz, Spain.	church,santorcaz,torcuato,spain
Municipal Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	purpose stadium,municipal stadium,stadium,quebec,sherbrooke,multi,purpose,canada,municipal
Alpine skiing at the 2017 Winter Universiade was held at the Shymbulak near Almaty, the largest city of Kazakhstan from January 29 to February 7, 2017.	large city,winter universiade,alpine skiing,skiing,january,winter,kazakhstan,universiade,city,shymbulak,large,almaty,alpine
Niederberndorf is a locality in the municipality Schmallenberg in the High Sauerland District in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	north rhine,sauerland district,high sauerland,municipality schmallenberg,locality,westphalia,municipality,rhine,schmallenberg,north,high,district,sauerland,niederberndorf
Events from the year 1874 in Scotland.	year,event,scotland
I'm on My Way is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.	harold lloyd,comedy film,short comedy,-PRON- way,harold,short,film,comedy,-PRON-,lloyd
Dresser-Rand is an engineering and manufacturing company owned by German conglomerate Siemens.	conglomerate siemens,german conglomerate,manufacturing company,rand,conglomerate,engineering,german,manufacturing,company,dresser,siemens
The DVD-VR standard defines a logical format for video recording on DVD-R, DVD-RW, and DVD-RAM style media, including the dual layer versions of these media.	layer version,dual layer,style medium,video recording,ram style,logical format,vr standard,medium,logical,format,standard,video,recording,layer,dual
The Misgav Regional Council is a regional council in the Galilee region in northern Israel.	regional council,northern israel,galilee region,misgav regional,regional,northern,council,region,galilee,misgav,israel
The Border Sheriff is a 1926 American silent western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring Jack Hoxie, Olive Hasbrouck and S.E. Jennings.	s.e. jennings,olive hasbrouck,jack hoxie,n. bradbury,robert n.,western film,silent western,american silent,border sheriff,sheriff,s.e.,american,hasbrouck,silent,olive,western,hoxie,film,jack
This is a sortable table of the townlands in the barony of Barretts, County Cork, Ireland.	county cork,sortable table,table,cork,townland,county,barony,barretts,sortable,ireland
Zenza do Itombe is a town and commune in the municipality of Cambambe, province of Cuanza Norte, Angola.	itombe,norte,town,cuanza,commune,province,municipality,cambambe,zenza,angola
Okakundu is a village in the Uukwaluudhi in the Tsandi Constituency in Omusati Region, Namibia.	omusati region,tsandi constituency,village,region,uukwaluudhi,omusati,tsandi,constituency,okakundu,namibia
Hermenegildo Teves Villanueva , fondly called Bindoy, was a Filipino politician.	filipino politician,teves villanueva,hermenegildo teves,teves,filipino,villanueva,bindoy,hermenegildo,politician
Simon Wells is an English film director of animation and live-action films.	action film,film director,english film,simon wells,film,wells,english,animation,live,director,action,simon
Jennifer Judith Jones OM is a Canadian curler.	canadian curler,jones om,judith jones,jennifer judith,judith,canadian,jones,jennifer,curler
The Stoned Age is a 1994 American comedy film directed by James Melkonian, set during the 1970s about two long haired stoners named Michael Hubbs and Joe Connolly and one night cruising Los Angeles' suburbs looking for alcohol, parties, and girls.	los angeles,joe connolly,michael hubbs,haired stoner,james melkonian,long haired,comedy film,american comedy,stoned age,party,american,alcohol,comedy,suburb,film,angeles,james
Tamaskan dogs are a Finnish dog crossbreed to resemble a wolf and wolfdog.	dog crossbreed,finnish dog,tamaskan dog,wolf,crossbreed,wolfdog,tamaskan,finnish
Marina Tabassum is a Bangladeshi architect.	bangladeshi architect,marina tabassum,tabassum,bangladeshi,marina,architect
The 1974 Merton Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Merton London Borough Council in London, England.	borough council,london borough,council election,merton london,merton council,london,council,merton,place,member,election,borough,england
An adatom is an atom that lies on a crystal surface, and can be thought of as the opposite of a surface vacancy.	surface vacancy,crystal surface,surface,atom,crystal,adatom,opposite,vacancy
Wimbledon Park is a London Underground station in Wimbledon.	underground station,london underground,wimbledon park,wimbledon,park,london,underground,station
Mark Eric "Slick" Johnson is an American professional wrestling referee, best known for working for World Championship Wrestling and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling .	action wrestling,nonstop action,total nonstop,championship wrestling,wrestling referee,world championship,professional wrestling,american professional,mark eric,wrestling,eric,slick,johnson,american,professional,world,nonstop,referee,championship
The 1965 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year.	local election,zealand local,new zealand,mayoral election,christchurch mayoral,election,mayoral,zealand,local,christchurch,year
Renato Gligoroski was born and is currently a UEFA "A" licensed football/soccer coach from the Republic of Macedonia.	soccer coach,licensed football,renato gligoroski,gligoroski,republic,uefa,coach,licensed,soccer,football,renato,macedonia
The longspined porcupine fish , also known as the freckled porcupinefish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Diodontidae.	family diodontidae,marine fish,vernacular name,porcupine fish,fish,family,name,vernacular,species,porcupinefish,marine,diodontidae,porcupine
The Indore - Guwahati Weekly Express is a express train belonging to Western Railway zone that runs between Indore Junction and Guwahati in India.	indore junction,railway zone,western railway,express train,weekly express,guwahati weekly,guwahati,express,indore,western,railway,train,zone,weekly,junction,india
Shiho Oyama is a Japanese female professional golfer.	professional golfer,female professional,japanese female,shiho oyama,oyama,professional,japanese,female,shiho,golfer
John Burns is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Nottingham Forest, Bristol City, Carlisle United and Burton Albion.	burton albion,carlisle united,bristol city,nottingham forest,football league,professional footballer,john burns,burns,burton,irish,united,professional,carlisle,footballer,city,midfielder,bristol
The sculpture The Archer stands in the Jan Kochanowski Park in Bydgoszcz, facing the Polish Theater.	polish theater,kochanowski park,jan kochanowski,archer,polish,bydgoszcz,kochanowski,park,sculpture,theater
The River Add is a river which runs through Argyll and Bute on the West of Scotland.	river,west,argyll,bute,scotland
Eunidia nigroapicaloides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,eunidia nigroapicaloide,nigroapicaloide,family,species,beetle,eunidia,cerambycidae
Saint-Ambroix is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.	southern france,gard department,ambroix,southern,commune,department,gard,saint,france
Samuel Guy Endore , born Samuel Goldstein and also known as Harry Relis, was an American novelist and screenwriter.	american novelist,harry relis,samuel goldstein,guy endore,samuel guy,samuel,novelist,american,relis,harry,goldstein,endore,screenwriter
William Patrick Conelan was an Australian politician.	australian politician,patrick conelan,william patrick,patrick,australian,conelan,william,politician
Ice Line Quad Rinks is an ice arena in West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States.	united states,west chester,ice arena,quad rinks,line quad,ice line,united,pennsylvania,chester,west,arena,quad,line,rinks,states
Morten Olsen is a Danish musician and composer.	danish musician,morten olsen,olsen,musician,danish,morten,composer
Robert Wright Campbell , often credited as R. Wright Campbell or Robert Campbell, was an American screenwriter, author and occasional actor.	wright campbell,occasional actor,american screenwriter,r. wright,robert campbell,robert wright,campbell,wright,occasional,author,screenwriter,american,robert,actor
Marko Stout is an American contemporary artist known for his gritty industrial pop style with a focus on New York City and modern urban life.	urban life,modern urban,york city,pop style,new york,industrial pop,contemporary artist,gritty industrial,american contemporary,marko stout,stout,urban,american,modern,contemporary,city,artist,york,gritty
The Riviera Maya ) is a tourism and resort district south of Cancun, Mexico.	district south,resort district,riviera maya,maya,cancun,tourism,south,resort,district,riviera,mexico
Calopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha.	family,suborder,psocoptera,calopsocidae,psocomorpha
The Denver Zoo is an 80-acre facility located in City Park of Denver, Colorado, United States.	united states,city park,denver zoo,denver,united,colorado,facility,city,park,states
The Cape of Good Hope , Dutch: Kaap de Goede Hoop , Portuguese: Cabo da Boa Esperança ) is a rocky headland on the Atlantic coast of the Cape Peninsula in South Africa.	south africa,cape peninsula,atlantic coast,rocky headland,boa esperança,da boa,cabo da,goede hoop,good hope,cape,south,peninsula,cabo,portuguese,hoop,goede,esperança
Alexander "Alex" Finlay was an Australian politician.	alex,australian,finlay,alexander,politician
John Cobethorn was Dean of Exeter between 1415 and 1419.	cobethorn,dean,john,exeter
Dietrich Schenk von Erbach was a German nobleman.	german nobleman,von erbach,schenk von,dietrich schenk,schenk,german,erbach,dietrich,nobleman
Shortridge High School is a public high school located in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	high school,public high,united states,shortridge high,high,school,united,indiana,indianapolis,public,states,shortridge
Sir George Augustus Pape was an Australian lawyer and judge.	australian lawyer,augustus pape,george augustus,sir george,george,lawyer,augustus,australian,pape,judge
William Joseph Green Jr.	green jr.,joseph green,william joseph,joseph,green,william
Turicato is a municipality in the state of Michoacán, Mexico.	municipality,michoacán,state,turicato,mexico
USMA Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Aïn Bénian, just outside Algiers, Algeria, that is currently under construction.	aïn bénian,use stadium,usma stadium,stadium,algeria,algiers,bénian,multi,construction,usma
Marital rape or spousal rape is the act of sexual intercourse with one's spouse without the spouse's consent.	sexual intercourse,spousal rape,marital rape,rape,spouse,sexual,intercourse,marital,spousal,consent
Adam and Eve is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Friedrich Porges and Reinhold Schünzel and starring Werner Krauss, Dagny Servaes and Rudolf Forster.	rudolf forster,dagny servaes,werner krauss,reinhold schünzel,friedrich porges,drama film,silent drama,german silent,rudolf,german,servaes,silent,dagny,drama,krauss,film,werner
Yo soy Venezolana is a 1992 Venezuelan music album recorded by María Teresa Chacín with the seals Matecha and Latin World.	latin world,seal matecha,teresa chacín,maría teresa,music album,venezuelan music,soy venezolana,yo soy,latin,venezolana,matecha,venezuelan,seal,music,chacín,album,teresa
Çukurca is a village in the District of Mengen, Bolu Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,bolu,mengen,çukurca,turkey
Eclipta pusilla is a Caribbean species of plants in the sunflower family.	sunflower family,caribbean specie,eclipta pusilla,pusilla,sunflower,caribbean,plant,specie,eclipta,family
Dato' Ahmad Azhar bin Othman , better known by his stage name Awie, is a awards winning Malaysian rock singer, host and actor.	rock singer,bin othman,malaysian rock,azhar bin,ahmad azhar,ahmad,host,azhar,singer,rock,othman,malaysian,stage,award
This list is of the Places of Scenic Beauty of Japan located within the Prefecture of Mie.	places,prefecture,scenic,japan,beauty,list
Seekonk Public Schools is a school district that serves Seekonk, Massachusetts.	school district,public schools,seekonk public,seekonk,schools,school,public,district,massachusetts
'Til Death Do Us Part is a legal drama television series that debuted on Court TV on March 19, 2007; not to be confused with the similarly named Fox sitcom 'Til Death.	til death,television series,drama television,court tv,legal drama,fox sitcom,death,part,legal,drama,television,series,court,march
The KA engines were a series of inline-4 four-stroke gasoline piston engines manufactured by Nissan, which were offered in 2.4 L.	piston engine,gasoline piston,stroke gasoline,ka engine,engine,nissan,stroke,gasoline,series,piston
The engines blocks were made of cast-iron, while the cylinder heads were made of aluminum.	cylinder head,engine block,block,head,cast,cylinder,iron,engine,aluminum
Sue Baross Nesbitt, is an American synchronized swimming champion and international coach.	international coach,swimming champion,baross nesbitt,sue baross,baross,international,nesbitt,champion,american,swimming,coach
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is a 2017 action spy comedy film produced and directed by Matthew Vaughn and written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman.	jane goldman,matthew vaughn,comedy film,spy comedy,action spy,golden circle,vaughn,golden,circle,jane,action,comedy,film,matthew,kingsman
Joseph Gardner Swift was an American soldier who, in 1802, became the first graduate of the newly instituted United States Military Academy in West Point, New York; he would later serve as its fourth Superintendent from 1812 to 1814, and as Chief of Engineers of the United States Army from 1812 to 1818.	united states,new york,west point,military academy,states military,fourth superintendent,states army,american soldier,gardner swift,joseph gardner,states,united,gardner,swift,american,soldier,york,point,fourth
Franz Bäke was a German officer and tank commander during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords of Nazi Germany.	nazi germany,oak leaves,war ii,iron cross,world war,tank commander,german officer,franz bäke,cross,bäke,nazi,german,swords,officer,leaves,tank,commander
Events from the year 1994 in Canada.	year,event,canada
The Men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Daegu Stadium on August 29, 30 and September 1.	daegu stadium,world championships,hurdle event,metre hurdle,metre,august,hurdle,stadium,event,daegu,world,athletics,championships
Bauke Muller is a Dutch bridge player living in Hoorn.	bridge player,dutch bridge,bauke muller,muller,player,dutch,bridge,bauke,hoorn
The following is a list of fauna of Sequalitchew Creek in the U.S. state of Washington categorized by type.	u.s. state,sequalitchew creek,fauna,washington,sequalitchew,state,creek,u.s.,list,type
Wasfi Tolaymat is a Chicago businessman and boxing manager who owns and operates the Chicago Fight Club Boxing Gym.	boxing gym,club boxing,fight club,boxing manager,chicago fight,chicago businessman,wasfi tolaymat,boxing,chicago,tolaymat,club,fight,businessman,manager,wasfi
Mountain View High School is a 4-year public high school in the El Monte Union High School District, in the city of El Monte, California, United States.	high school,el monte,public high,monte union,union high,school district,view high,united states,mountain view,high,school,monte,united,view,california,union,public,city
Cesare Zavattini was an Italian screenwriter and one of the first theorists and proponents of the Neorealist movement in Italian cinema.	italian cinema,neorealist movement,italian screenwriter,cesare zavattini,italian,zavattini,proponent,theorist,neorealist,screenwriter,movement,cesare,cinema
Lunkhead is a Japanese rock band signed under Victor Entertainment and is managed by Chockyu co.	chockyu co.,victor entertainment,rock band,japanese rock,japanese,chockyu,rock,entertainment,band,victor,lunkhead
Tinkers Creek State Park is a state park located in Streetsboro, Portage County, Ohio, United States.	state park,united states,portage county,creek state,tinkers creek,creek,united,state,ohio,park,county,streetsboro,portage,tinkers,states
Mammillaria fraileana is one of about 200 species of the genus Mammillaria from the cactus family Cactaceae.	family cactaceae,cactus family,genus mammillaria,mammillaria fraileana,mammillaria,family,cactus,specie,fraileana,genus,cactaceae
Soroosh Sorooshian is an Iranian-American distinguished professor of civil and environmental engineering at the University of California Irvine and currently serving as the Director of the Center for Hydrometeorology and Remote Sensing.	remote sensing,california irvine,environmental engineering,distinguished professor,american distinguished,soroosh sorooshian,sorooshian,remote,iranian,hydrometeorology,american,center,distinguished,director,professor,irvine
Bernard-Henri Lévy ; born 5 November 1948) is a French public intellectual, media personality and author.	medium personality,public intellectual,french public,henri lévy,henri,personality,lévy,medium,november,intellectual,french,public,bernard,author
Buntzen Lake is a 4.8 kilometres long lake in Anmore, British Columbia, Canada, in the Greater Vancouver area.	vancouver area,british columbia,greater vancouver,long lake,kilometre long,buntzen lake,lake,vancouver,greater,canada,columbia,british,anmore,kilometre,long,area
Giuseppe Dozza was an Italian politician, the first Mayor of Bologna after the end of World War II.	war ii,world war,italian politician,giuseppe dozza,dozza,italian,world,politician,mayor,bologna,giuseppe
One of the founders of the Communist Party of Italy, Dozza was immediately persecuted by the Fascist regime and expatriated in France in the 1920s.	fascist regime,communist party,communist,regime,party,fascist,italy,dozza,founder,france
Openbook was a Facebook-specific search engine, built upon Facebook's publicly available API, which enabled one to search for specific texts on the walls of Facebook subscribers en masse which they had denoted, knowingly or unknowingly, as being available to "Everyone," i.e.	facebook subscriber,specific text,available api,search engine,specific search,facebook,available,specific,masse,subscriber,search,text,engine,wall
Sułkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	southern poland,poland voivodeship,lesser poland,wadowice county,gmina andrychów,administrative district,poland,village,administrative,district,gmina,andrychów,wadowice,county,lesser,voivodeship
James John "Jock" Fleming was a Scottish footballer who played at centre-forward for Southampton St.	southampton st.,scottish footballer,james john,john,southampton,jock,forward,fleming,centre,scottish,footballer,james
Georgia–Vanuatu relations are diplomatic and consular relations between Georgia and 	consular relation,vanuatu relation,relation,georgia,vanuatu,diplomatic,consular
Sidney Dufresne is a French eventing rider.	eventing rider,french eventing,sidney dufresne,dufresne,eventing,french,sidney,rider
Pierphulia is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.	family pieridae,neotropical genus,neotropical,family,genus,butterfly,pierphulia,pieridae
Lust for Life is the second single by San Francisco indie rock group, Girls, released on September 9, 2009.	rock group,indie rock,francisco indie,san francisco,second single,life,girls,second,group,single,rock,indie,francisco,lust
Johannes Daniel de Natris was a football player from the Netherlands, who represented his home country at both the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium and the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.	summer olympics,home country,football player,de natris,daniel de,johannes daniel,olympics,summer,daniel,natris,paris,football,player,netherlands,home
Frame Arms Girl is a model kit line produced by Kotobukiya, originally released in 2015 as a spin-off of its Frame Arms mecha line.	frame arms,arms girl,kit line,model kit,mecha line,arms mecha,arms,line,model,spin,frame,girl,kotobukiya,mecha
Manvel Ashotovich Agaronyan is a Russian football player.	football player,russian football,ashotovich agaronyan,manvel ashotovich,ashotovich,football,agaronyan,russian,manvel,player
St Mary's Island is a tiny island in the River Thames in England.	river thames,tiny island,st mary,island,thames,mary,river,england,tiny
An equal temperament is a musical temperament, or a system of tuning, in which the frequency interval between every pair of adjacent notes has the same ratio.	adjacent note,frequency interval,musical temperament,equal temperament,temperament,note,adjacent,system,pair,tuning,interval,frequency,ratio,equal
Cyclamen is a genus of 23 species of perennial flowering plants in the family Primulaceae.	genus,family,specie,plant,perennial,cyclamen,primulaceae
This is a list of Catholic churches in Canada.	catholic,church,list,canada
Gliese 176 b is a super-Earth exoplanet approximately 31 light years away in the constellation of Taurus.	light year,earth exoplanet,constellation,super,year,earth,light,exoplanet,gliese,taurus
Jacob Mulee is a Kenyan association football coach.	football coach,association football,kenyan association,jacob mulee,mulee,football,kenyan,association,jacob,coach
Paralebeda is a genus of moths in the family Lasiocampidae.	genus,family,moth,paralebeda,lasiocampidae
Stenoptilodes stigmatica is a moth of the family Pterophoridae that is known from Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela.	family pterophoridae,stenoptilode stigmatica,stigmatica,ecuador,moth,colombia,family,pterophoridae,stenoptilode,venezuela
Charles Boersch was prefect of Strasbourg in 1870 during the Siege of Strasbourg in the Franco-Prussian War.	prussian war,charles boersch,strasbourg,boersch,prussian,prefect,franco,charles,siege
Tvoje Lice Zvuči Poznato is a Serbian version of the Your Face Sounds Familiar franchise.	familiar franchise,-PRON- face,serbian version,zvuči poznato,lice zvuči,tvoje lice,lice,familiar,zvuči,face,poznato,-PRON-,serbian,version,tvoje,franchise
Lieutenant-General Urano Teixeira da Matta Bacellar was a Brazilian soldier.	brazilian soldier,matta bacellar,da matta,teixeira da,urano teixeira,general urano,general,brazilian,urano,bacellar,teixeira,matta,lieutenant,soldier
Pryor Glacier is a glacier flowing northeastward, to the north of Mount Shields and Yermak Point, into Rennick Bay.	rennick bay,yermak point,mount shields,pryor glacier,glacier,rennick,point,yermak,shields,mount,north,northeastward,pryor
Michael Stember is a male track and field athlete from the United States, who is known for his achievements in the middle distance events.	distance event,united states,middle distance,field athlete,male track,michael stember,stember,distance,male,middle,track,achievement,field,states,athlete,united
Margaret Chappellsmith was a socialist lecturer, active in London, England and the United States of America in the 19th Century.	united states,socialist lecturer,margaret chappellsmith,chappellsmith,socialist,america,lecturer,states,active,united,london,england
Edward Robert Kenneth Glover , known as Ted Glover, was an English cricketer who played for Glamorgan county cricket team between 1932 and 1938 as a right-arm fast-medium bowler.	medium bowler,cricket team,arm fast,county cricket,glamorgan county,english cricketer,ted glover,kenneth glover,robert kenneth,edward robert,glover,medium,robert,fast,kenneth,right,team,english,cricket
The MacGillivray's warbler is a species of New World warbler.	world warbler,new world,warbler,species,world,macgillivray
The 1983 UMass Minutemen football team represented the University of Massachusetts Amherst in the 1983 NCAA Division I-AA football season as a member of the Yankee Conference.	yankee conference,football season,aa football,ncaa division,massachusetts amherst,football team,minutemen football,umass minutemen,football,yankee,member,minutemen,amherst,season,massachusetts,ncaa,university,division
The Institute of Science and Technology is one of the five technical institutes under Tribhuvan University, Nepal's largest academic institution.	academic institution,large academic,tribhuvan university,technical institutes,science,academic,technology,large,technical,nepal,institutes,university,tribhuvan,institute
The Bicker Isles are two small islands in Boston Bay, Spencer Gulf, South Australia.	south australia,spencer gulf,boston bay,small island,bicker isles,isles,south,small,gulf,island,spencer,boston,bicker,australia
The 2016 World Ringette Championships marked the 11th international competition of the sport of ringette and was hosted in Helsinki, Finland between 27 December 2015 – 3 January 2016.	international competition,ringette championships,world ringette,ringette,december,finland,helsinki,international,competition,championships,sport,january
Karen Bryan  is a speech therapist, and a Professor and Deputy Vice-Chancellor at the University of Greenwich.	deputy vice,speech therapist,karen bryan,bryan,university,speech,chancellor,therapist,vice,professor,deputy,karen,greenwich
Jörg Damme is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,sport shooter,jörg damme,damme,summer,german,shooter,sport,jörg,olympics
The 1950 Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team represented the University of Tulsa during the 1950 college football season.	football season,football team,college football,hurricane football,golden hurricane,tulsa golden,football,tulsa,hurricane,team,golden,university,college,season
Choulou is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 6 km west of Agios Fotios at an altitude of about 350m above sea level.	sea level,agios fotios,paphos district,village,paphos,district,altitude,cyprus,fotios,agios
RAF Methwold is a Royal Air Force airfield located 2.1 miles north east of Feltwell, Norfolk and 10.9 miles north west of Thetford, Norfolk, England.	force airfield,air force,royal air,raf methwold,norfolk,mile,methwold,royal,force,airfield,feltwell,thetford,east
Eudokia Megale Komnene , was a Trapezuntine noblewoman, and a member of the powerful Byzantine Komnenos dynasty as a daughter of Emperor Alexios III of Trebizond.	alexios iii,komnenos dynasty,emperor alexios,byzantine komnenos,trapezuntine noblewoman,powerful byzantine,megale komnene,eudokia megale,megale,komnene,alexios,trapezuntine,emperor,noblewoman,daughter,member,dynasty
Filippo Crepaldi is an Italian professional baseball pitcher for the Unipol Bologna of the Italian Baseball League.	baseball league,italian baseball,unipol bologna,baseball pitcher,professional baseball,italian professional,filippo crepaldi,baseball,italian,crepaldi,unipol,pitcher,bologna,professional,filippo,league
Sodalis is a genus of bacteria within the family Enterobacteriaceae.	genus,family,bacteria,sodalis,enterobacteriaceae
Mary Ann Lila is the director of N.C. State University's Plants for Human Health Institute located at the North Carolina Research Campus in Kannapolis, North Carolina.	north carolina,research campus,carolina research,health institute,state university,human health,North Carolina state,ann lila,mary ann,north,lila,director,North Carolina,state,university,plant,human,health
The Cymru Fydd ) movement was founded in 1886 by some of the London Welsh, including J. E. Lloyd, O. M. Edwards, T. E. Ellis , Beriah Gwynfe Evans and Alfred Thomas.	alfred thomas,gwynfe evans,beriah gwynfe,e. ellis,t. e.,m. edwards,o. m.,e. lloyd,j. e.,london welsh,fydd,alfred,movement,evans,london,gwynfe,welsh,beriah
Louise Aslanian — 1945) — French anti-fascist of Armenian descent, communist, writer, novelist, poet and a prominent figure in the French Resistance.	french resistance,prominent figure,armenian descent,louise aslanian,french,aslanian,writer,communist,novelist,descent,poet,armenian,prominent,fascist
Haotian Pagoda or Liangxiang Pagoda is an octagonal brick pagoda situated in Haotian park in the Fangshan District of Beijing.	fangshan district,haotian park,brick pagoda,octagonal brick,liangxiang pagoda,haotian pagoda,pagoda,district,fangshan,park,haotian,octagonal,brick,beijing,liangxiang
The Sanger Harris department store building was the downtown store of the Sanger Harris department store chain .	sanger harris,harris department,department store,store building,downtown store,store chain,store,harris,sanger,department,building,downtown,chain
The battle of Tlatempa took place on July 5, 1859 in the vicinity of Zacatlán in the state of Puebla, Mexico, between elements of the liberal army, under General Juan N. Mendez and conservative elements of the army commanded by General Carlos Oronoz who was the commander Zacatlán military during the War of Reform.	zacatlán military,commander zacatlán,carlos oronoz,conservative element,general carlos,n. mendez,juan n.,general juan,liberal army,zacatlán,element,general,army,tlatempa,place,july,military,vicinity
The 1987 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season was a year of great change for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers’ organization in the National Football League.	tampa bay,football league,buccaneers season,national football,buccaneers’ organization,great change,bay buccaneers’,football,national,organization,year,great,buccaneers’,season,change,tampa
The 2019 IAAF World Challenge is the tenth edition of the annual IAAF World Challenge, a nine-leg series of track and field meetings.	world challenge,iaaf world,tenth edition,annual iaaf,field meeting,leg series,challenge,field,track,series,annual,iaaf,edition,world,tenth
Ypsolopha saitoi is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae.	family ypsolophidae,ypsolopha saitoi,saitoi,family,moth,ypsolopha,ypsolophidae
Jean Ann Corston, Baroness Corston, PC is a British Labour politician.	labour politician,british labour,baroness corston,ann corston,jean ann,corston,labour,british,politician,jean,baroness
Dryden Hall is a building located at 450 Southwest 30th Street on the Oregon State University campus in Corvallis, Oregon, United States.	united states,university campus,state university,oregon state,dryden hall,oregon,hall,building,southwest,united,university,campus,street,state
Smilacaceae, the greenbrier family, is a family of flowering plants.	family,greenbri,smilacaceae,plant
Help!: A Day in the Life is a 2005 compilation album of music by contemporary artists from Britain and Canada.	contemporary artist,compilation album,life,britain,compilation,artist,album,contemporary,music,canada
Mendel Jerome Pacht was an American judge who served on the California Superior Court.	superior court,california superior,american judge,jerome pacht,mendel jerome,jerome,superior,pacht,california,american,judge,mendel,court
Jaroslav Markovič is a Slovak professional ice hockey player currently playing with HC Pardubice in the Czech Extraliga.	czech extraliga,hc pardubice,hockey player,ice hockey,professional ice,slovak professional,jaroslav markovič,markovič,czech,slovak,pardubice,professional,player,hockey,jaroslav
Christopher Anderson is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s, and coached in the 1990s and 2000s.	league footballer,rugby league,professional rugby,christopher anderson,anderson,australian,coached,professional,rugby,league,footballer
Molvena is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.	genus,family,moth,molvena,noctuidae
Carenum brisbanense is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae.	subfamily scaritinae,ground beetle,carenum brisbanense,brisbanense,subfamily,species,beetle,ground,carenum,scaritinae
Base is the third largest of Belgium's three mobile telecommunications operators.	telecommunication operator,mobile telecommunication,large,telecommunication,belgium,mobile,base,operator
Lillywhite's Ground was a cricket ground in Brighton, Sussex.	ground,brighton,sussex,lillywhite,cricket
Sympistoides is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.	genus,family,moth,sympistoides,noctuidae
The 1947 Richmond Spiders football team was an American football team that represented the University of Richmond in the 1947 college football season.	football team,american football,football season,spiders football,college football,richmond spiders,football,richmond,team,university,spiders,college,american,season
Gibbon is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.	marvel comics,comic book,american comic,fictional character,fictional,marvel,character,book,american,comic,gibbon,comics
Daniel Hugo Cámpora is an Argentine chess grandmaster and a twice Argentine champion, in 1986 and 1989.	argentine champion,twice argentine,chess grandmaster,argentine chess,hugo cámpora,daniel hugo,argentine,hugo,cámpora,grandmaster,chess,twice,daniel,champion
Charles Root Dana was an American Mormon leader, pioneer, and missionary, and a politician in territorial Utah.	territorial utah,mormon leader,american mormon,root dana,charles root,root,territorial,dana,politician,american,missionary,mormon,pioneer,leader,charles
Osório Pereira was a Brazilian rower.	brazilian rower,osório pereira,pereira,brazilian,osório,rower
Erre is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	northern france,nord department,commune,northern,nord,department,erre,france
Palaeobalistum goedeli is an extinct species of prehistoric ray-finned fish that lived during the Cretaceous period.	cretaceous period,prehistoric ray,extinct specie,palaeobalistum goedeli,goedeli,cretaceous,extinct,fish,specie,prehistoric,palaeobalistum,period
Sini Jose  is an Indian sprint athlete from Ernakulam district, Kerala who specializes in 400 metres.	ernakulam district,sprint athlete,indian sprint,sini jose,jose,kerala,indian,district,sprint,ernakulam,athlete,sini,metre
Notre-Dame-d'Estrées-Corbon is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Normandy region in northwestern France.	northwestern france,normandy region,dame,northwestern,d'estrées,region,corbon,normandy,commune,calvados,department,notre
John J Cox is a British chess player who holds the title of International Master which he earned in 2005.	international master,chess player,british chess,j cox,john j,international,title,british,player,chess,john,master
Dan Beehler is the original drummer and lead vocalist for Canadian metal band Exciter, from its inception in 1978 as Hell Razor to 1993.	hell razor,band exciter,metal band,canadian metal,lead vocalist,original drummer,dan beehler,beehler,hell,original,inception,drummer,exciter,lead,band,vocalist,metal
The Music of Valencia in eastern Spain is rich and diverse, due to different external influences.	external influence,different external,eastern spain,valencia,external,eastern,different,spain,diverse,rich,music,influence
Kenneth Matiba was a Kenyan politician and an activist for democracy.	kenyan politician,kenneth matiba,matiba,activist,kenyan,politician,kenneth,democracy
The Institut Congolais pour la Conservation de la Nature is a Congolese governmental partner tasked with the protection and conservation of the Virunga National Park and Kahuzi-Biega National Park, both UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the Democratic Republic of Congo.	national park,democratic republic,heritage sites,biega national,world heritage,unesco world,governmental partner,virunga national,congolese governmental,la nature,conservation,park,national,republic,democratic,congolais,sites,heritage,world
Decatur is the largest city and the county seat of Macon County in the U.S. state of Illinois, with a population of 76,122 as of the 2010 Census.	u.s. state,macon county,county seat,large city,county,population,large,illinois,state,city,u.s.,seat,macon,census
The Kluang District is a district in Johor, Malaysia.	district,johor,malaysia,kluang
Cao Li was a prince in the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period of China.	kingdoms period,three kingdoms,cao wei,cao li,period,kingdoms,three,prince,state,china
Compsodrillia nana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.	family pseudomelatomidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,compsodrillia nana,nana,family,species,mollusk,gastropod,snail,marine,compsodrillia,pseudomelatomidae
Juriniopsis floridensis is a species of bristle fly in the family Tachinidae.	family tachinidae,juriniopsis floridensis,floridensis,family,species,bristle,juriniopsis,tachinidae
KF Ballkani , commonly known as Ballkani is a professional football club based in Suva Reka, Kosovo.	suva reka,football club,professional football,kf ballkani,ballkani,reka,suva,club,football,professional,kosovo
Always on My Mind is a rueful and nostalgic love song by Johnny Christopher, Mark James, and Wayne Carson first recorded by B.J. Thomas in 1970, and later Gwen McCrae and Brenda Lee in 1972.	brenda lee,gwen mccrae,b.j. thomas,wayne carson,mark james,johnny christopher,love song,nostalgic love,-PRON- mind,mind,brenda,rueful,mccrae,nostalgic,gwen,love,thomas,song,b.j.
TVNZ OnDemand is a New Zealand online television viewing and downloading service offered by Television New Zealand since 2007.	new zealand,television viewing,online television,zealand online,downloading service,television new,tvnz ondemand,television,ondemand,downloading,zealand,viewing,service,online,tvnz
Shah Qabool Aulia was a Moroccan Muslim Sufi Pir who traveled through the Indian subcontinent preaching Islam.	indian subcontinent,sufi pir,muslim sufi,moroccan muslim,qabool aulia,shah qabool,qabool,subcontinent,aulia,indian,moroccan,muslim,sufi,shah,islam
Timothy Sheehy was an Irish politician.	irish politician,timothy sheehy,sheehy,irish,timothy,politician
Pseudouridine synthase RluA may refer to:	synthase rlua,pseudouridine synthase,synthase,pseudouridine,rlua
Petersaurach is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.	district,bavaria,ansbach,municipality,germany
This article presents the discography of English rock band Buzzcocks, which consists of nine studio albums, five live albums, thirteen compilations, ten extended plays and twenty-four singles.	extended play,live album,studio album,band buzzcocks,rock band,english rock,album,discography,play,english,extended,rock,compilation,band,buzzcocks,studio
The Swiftsure International Yacht Race is the premier long distance sailing race in the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia area.	columbia area,british columbia,pacific northwest,sailing race,distance sailing,long distance,yacht race,premier long,international yacht,swiftsure international,race,columbia,international,british,northwest,yacht,pacific,long,distance,premier
The Tana Forum is an independent initiative launched in 2012 by a group of renowned Africans including the former president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria Olusegun Obasanjo and the late Prime Minister of Ethiopia Meles Zenawi.	meles zenawi,ethiopia meles,prime minister,olusegun obasanjo,late prime,nigeria olusegun,federal republic,renowned africans,independent initiative,tana forum,forum,meles,independent,ethiopia,initiative,minister,group,prime,renowned,late
Jonesfield Township is a civil township of Saginaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	u.s. state,saginaw county,civil township,jonesfield township,township,state,u.s.,saginaw,county,michigan,jonesfield,civil
Hylesinus californicus, the western ash bark beetle, is a species of crenulate bark beetle in the family Curculionidae.	bark beetle,family curculionidae,ash bark,western ash,beetle,bark,western,family,species,hylesinus,curculionidae
Grégory Thil is a French football striker who currently plays for Jura Sud.	jura sud,football striker,french football,grégory thil,thil,jura,french,striker,football,grégory
Carll S. Burr Mansion is a historic home located at Commack in Suffolk County, New York.	new york,suffolk county,historic home,burr mansion,s. burr,carll s.,burr,county,mansion,suffolk,historic,commack,home,carll
Brian Ring is a 20th-century British architect.	british architect,century british,brian ring,ring,british,century,brian,architect
Håkon Adelsteen Sommerfeldt was a Norwegian naval officer and ship designer.	ship designer,naval officer,norwegian naval,adelsteen sommerfeldt,håkon adelsteen,adelsteen,ship,sommerfeldt,officer,norwegian,naval,håkon,designer
Antoine Berjon was a French painter and designer, among the most important flower painters of 19th-century France.	century france,flower painter,important flower,french painter,antoine berjon,painter,berjon,century,french,important,designer,flower,antoine,france
The Samuel Baker House is a historic site in Elfers, Florida.	historic site,baker house,samuel baker,baker,elfers,house,site,historic,samuel,florida
Erik Robert Fleming is an American politician who was a member of the Mississippi House of Representatives representing the 72nd District from 1999 to 2008.	mississippi house,american politician,robert fleming,erik robert,robert,fleming,representatives,american,house,politician,mississippi,member,erik
Thomas Pennant Barton was an American bibliophile who is primarily remembered for the collection of books by and relating to William Shakespeare and English drama that he amassed between 1834 and 1869.	english drama,william shakespeare,american bibliophile,pennant barton,thomas pennant,pennant,english,barton,shakespeare,american,william,bibliophile,book,collection,thomas
Ivar Hognestad is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.	progress party,norwegian politician,ivar hognestad,hognestad,progress,norwegian,politician,ivar,party
The Black Papers were a series of articles on British education, published from 1969 to 1977 in the Critical Quarterly; their name intended as a contrast to government White Papers.	white papers,government white,critical quarterly,british education,black papers,papers,critical,education,quarterly,british,contrast,article,government,series,white
Omer Lee Hirst was an American real estate broker, investor and Democratic politician who represented Falls Church and Fairfax, Virginia part-time in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1954 to 1959.	virginia house,falls church,democratic politician,estate broker,real estate,american real,lee hirst,omer lee,virginia,house,hirst,american,fairfax,real,church,estate,falls
The Logan Temple Barn was built in Logan, Utah in 1896-97 to house the animals belonging to Mormons working at or attending the nearby Logan Temple.	logan temple,temple barn,nearby logan,logan,animal,mormons,utah,nearby,temple,barn
The North Branch Division of the Pennsylvania Canal was a historic waterway that ran 169 miles along the North Branch Susquehanna River between southern New York and north-central Pennsylvania in the United States.	north branch,united states,central pennsylvania,new york,branch division,southern new,pennsylvania canal,historic waterway,susquehanna river,branch susquehanna,pennsylvania,north,branch,united,southern,river,historic,waterway,canal
Unevine is a village in Bijelo Polje Municipality, in northern Montenegro.	northern montenegro,polje municipality,bijelo polje,village,northern,bijelo,municipality,polje,unevine,montenegro
Haxted Watermill is a much-restored Grade II listed watermill in Surrey, England, close to the border with Kent, and is powered by the River Eden.	river eden,grade ii,haxted watermill,watermill,river,kent,border,england,surrey,grade,eden,haxted
Thorner railway station was a station in Thorner, West Yorkshire, England, on the Cross Gates–Wetherby line.	wetherby line,cross gates,west yorkshire,railway station,thorner railway,thorner,station,wetherby,gates,cross,england,yorkshire,west,railway,line
Queen Anne's School is an independent boarding and day school for girls aged 11 to 18, situated in the suburb of Caversham just north of the River Thames and Reading town centre and occupying a 35-acre campus.	town centre,reading town,day school,river thames,independent boarding,queen anne,school,centre,town,reading,anne,thames,river,caversham,suburb,girl
Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean is a 1982 comedy drama film adaptation of Ed Graczyk's 1976 play of the same name.	ed graczyk,film adaptation,jimmy dean,drama film,comedy drama,jimmy,graczyk,dean,comedy,adaptation,drama,film,dime,play
The 2010 CSIO Gijón was the 2010 edition of the Spanish official show jumping horse show, at Las Mestas Sports Complex in Gijón.	sports complex,mestas sports,las mestas,spanish official,csio gijón,gijón,horse,official,mestas,spanish,sports,edition,complex,csio
Sven-Bernhard Fast is a Swedish prelate who served as Bishop of Visby from 2011 till 2018.	swedish prelate,bernhard fast,bernhard,bishop,fast,prelate,swedish,sven,visby
The four-castle town of Neckarsteinach lies on the Neckar in the Bergstraße district in the southernmost part of Hesse, Germany, 15 km east of Heidelberg.	bergstraße district,castle town,town,neckarsteinach,germany,neckar,hesse,bergstraße,southernmost,district,castle
Blunham was a railway station on the Varsity Line which served the small village of the same name in Bedfordshire.	small village,varsity line,railway station,railway,village,station,small,varsity,line,blunham,bedfordshire
On 20 July 2001, in the month of Shraavana, 13 people were killed and 15 other injured in a terror attack on a pilgrim night camp at Sheshnag Lake near the Amarnath Temple glacial cave shrine in Kashmir Valley in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, in two explosions and firing by militants.	indian state,kashmir valley,cave shrine,glacial cave,temple glacial,amarnath temple,sheshnag lake,night camp,pilgrim night,terror attack,kashmir,month,shraavana,people,terror,explosion,attack,pilgrim,night,camp
A freelancer or freelance worker, is a term commonly used for a person who is self-employed and is not necessarily committed to a particular employer long-term.	employer long,particular employer,freelance worker,term,freelance,worker,particular,self,employer,person,long,freelancer
Battle Magic is the third album by Bal-Sagoth, released in 1998 on Cacophonous Records, and is their last recording for that company before they signed to Nuclear Blast.	nuclear blast,cacophonous records,battle magic,magic,nuclear,album,company,recording,sagoth,records,cacophonous,battle
The First Snow of Winter is an animated television film produced by Hibbert Ralph Entertainment and Link Entertainment and first aired on the BBC on 25 December 1998.	link entertainment,ralph entertainment,hibbert ralph,television film,first snow,entertainment,snow,winter,television,ralph,film,hibbert,first,december
Nanbanin Kadhali is a 2007 Tamil film directed by G. Kicha, starring Vikramaditya, Kunal, Shivani Singh and Vinu Chakravarthy in the lead roles.	lead role,vinu chakravarthy,shivani singh,g. kicha,tamil film,nanbanin kadhali,kadhali,lead,tamil,chakravarthy,film,vinu,singh,kicha,shivani
Anthonomus sphaeralciae is a species of true weevil in the beetle family Curculionidae.	family curculionidae,beetle family,true weevil,anthonomus sphaeralciae,sphaeralciae,family,species,beetle,true,weevil,anthonomus,curculionidae
Education in Iraq is administered by the Ministry of Education.	education,iraq,ministry
Mahesh Bhatt is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter known for his works exclusively in Hindi cinema.	hindi cinema,film director,indian film,mahesh bhatt,bhatt,hindi,indian,work,film,screenwriter,director,producer,mahesh,cinema
Family Tree is the upcoming fifth studio album by Danish singer and songwriter Oh Land.	oh land,songwriter oh,danish singer,studio album,fifth studio,upcoming fifth,family tree,tree,upcoming,songwriter,fifth,singer,studio,danish,album,family
Nobuyuki Inoue is a video game director, and the chief director of Brownie Brown.	brownie brown,chief director,game director,video game,nobuyuki inoue,director,inoue,brownie,video,game,nobuyuki,brown,chief
Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1959 represents the cricket season when the English club Derbyshire had been playing eighty-eight years.	club derbyshire,english club,cricket season,cricket club,county cricket,derbyshire county,derbyshire,club,cricket,county,english,season,year
Francesco Smalto was an Italian fashion designer.	fashion designer,italian fashion,francesco smalto,smalto,fashion,italian,francesco,designer
Jorge Bonaldi is a Uruguayan guitarist, singer, composer of popular music and music journalist.	music journalist,popular music,uruguayan guitarist,jorge bonaldi,music,bonaldi,uruguayan,guitarist,singer,composer,popular,jorge,journalist
Kati Tolmoff  is a badminton player from Estonia.	badminton player,kati tolmoff,tolmoff,player,badminton,kati,estonia
Finn Bendixen is a Norwegian long jumper.	long jumper,norwegian long,finn bendixen,bendixen,long,norwegian,finn,jumper
Grossmann House is a heritage-listed former residence and Maitland Girls' High School premises and now house museum at 71 Church Street, Maitland, City of Maitland, New South Wales, Australia.	south wales,church street,new south,house museum,school premise,high school,maitland girls,grossmann house,maitland,house,wales,south,school,high,church,premise,museum
John Yate Robinson MC was a field hockey player, who won a gold medal with the English team at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.Son of clergyman the Reverend Edward Cecil Robinson and his wife Edith Isabella, he was educated at Radley College and Merton College, Oxford, where he was awarded his MA in 1912.	merton college,radley college,edith isabella,wife edith,cecil robinson,edward cecil,summer olympics,english team,reverend edward,hockey player,robinson,college,oxford,yate,radley,team,summer,english,olympics,isabella
The Little Cleo is a small spoon lure made by the Acme Tackle Company which comes in nine sizes from 1⁄16 oz to 1 1⁄4 oz, and in many different color combinations.	color combination,tackle company,different color,acme tackle,spoon lure,small spoon,little cleo,cleo,color,small,different,spoon,lure,size,acme,company
Jeff Gravenhorst is the Group CEO of ISS A/S, a Denmark-based facility outsourcing company with more than 510,000 employees, which makes it the world’s fourth largest private employer.	private employer,iss a,large private,group ceo,jeff gravenhorst,gravenhorst,private,group,large,world,employee,company
Anne's Song is a song by Faith No More off their second album Introduce Yourself and was the second and last single released with Chuck Mosley on vocals.	chuck mosley,second album,second,song,mosley,chuck,single,faith,vocal,album,anne
King's Somborne is a village in Hampshire, England.	somborne,hampshire,village,king,england
Beatrice Fairfax is an American silent film serial directed and produced by Leopold Wharton and Theodore Wharton.	theodore wharton,leopold wharton,film serial,silent film,american silent,beatrice fairfax,fairfax,wharton,american,leopold,silent,serial,film,beatrice,theodore
Shuffle Off to Buffalo is a song written by Al Dubin and Harry Warren and introduced in the 1933 musical film 42nd Street.	musical film,harry warren,al dubin,buffalo,song,film,musical,dubin,warren,harry
The Lazic War, also known as the Colchidian War or in Georgian historiography as the Great War of Egrisi , was fought between the East Roman Empire and the Sasanian Empire for control of the ancient Georgian region of Lazica.	georgian region,sasanian empire,ancient georgian,roman empire,great war,east roman,georgian historiography,colchidian war,lazic war,georgian,empire,region,roman,east,control,egrisi,ancient,great
Mike Waywell , formerly of Sale Sharks is an English rugby union player who has represented England Counties XV and Lancashire.	counties xv,union player,england counties,rugby union,english rugby,sale sharks,mike waywell,waywell,sale,counties,sharks,england,english,player,rugby,union
Aran Media Works is an Indian film production company established by Nara Rohit.	nara rohit,production company,film production,indian film,media works,aran media,media,nara,works,company,indian,production,film,aran,rohit
Wang Wei is a Chinese sailor.	chinese sailor,wang wei,chinese,wang,sailor
Batiscan is a municipality in the Mauricie region of the province of Quebec in Canada.	municipality,quebec,mauricie,province,region,batiscan,canada
Brigadier Martin Melvin Cruickshank CIE FRSE FRCSE FACS FICS was a Scottish surgeon, specialising in ophthalmic surgery.	ophthalmic surgery,scottish surgeon,facs fics,frcse facs,frse frcse,cie frse,cruickshank cie,melvin cruickshank,martin melvin,brigadier martin,martin,ophthalmic,melvin,surgeon,cruickshank,scottish,fics,frse,facs
The Belarusian Popular Party was a political party in Belarus led by Victor Tereshchenko.	victor tereshchenko,political party,popular party,belarusian popular,party,victor,popular,belarus,tereshchenko,belarusian,political
James Anderson was a Scottish civil engineer.	civil engineer,scottish civil,james anderson,anderson,civil,scottish,james,engineer
Ouolodo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolokani in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.	western mali,koulikoro region,small town,small,western,town,south,commune,region,cercle,koulikoro,kolokani,ouolodo
Wadborough railway station was located in Wadborough, Worcestershire.	railway station,wadborough railway,wadborough,railway,station,worcestershire
Philip Morris USA v.	morris usa,philip morris,morris,philip
FILMINK is an Australian film magazine published monthly by FKP International Exports.	international exports,fkp international,film magazine,australian film,australian,international,film,magazine,filmink,exports
Chris Combs is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Jacksonville Jaguars over three seasons.	jacksonville jaguars,pittsburgh steelers,defensive lineman,football player,american football,professional american,chris combs,combs,jaguars,professional,jacksonville,american,steelers,football,pittsburgh,player,lineman
Dionne Mack , briefly known as Dionne Mack-Harvin, is an African American librarian.	dionne mack,american librarian,african american,mack,american,harvin,african,dionne,librarian
The Martian Monkey is the name given to the monkey used by Edward Watters, Tom Wilson and Arnold Payne to perpetrate a hoax in Atlanta, Georgia in 1953.	arnold payne,tom wilson,edward watters,martian monkey,monkey,atlanta,hoax,payne,arnold,wilson,watters,edward,georgia
Pacelli High School is a private secondary school located on the north side of Stevens Point, Wisconsin in the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse.	la crosse,catholic diocese,stevens point,secondary school,roman catholic,private secondary,high school,pacelli high,school,diocese,catholic,roman,high,wisconsin,point,stevens,north
The Protestant church of Deinum or Saint John the Baptist church is a religious building in Deinum, Netherlands, one of the medieval churches in Friesland.	medieval church,religious building,baptist church,saint john,protestant church,church,deinum,john,baptist,saint,religious,medieval,building,netherlands,protestant
Hollis Leland Caswell was an American educator who became an authority on curriculum planning in schools.	curriculum planning,american educator,leland caswell,hollis leland,leland,planning,caswell,curriculum,american,authority,educator,hollis,school
Species of Nicotiana include;	specie,nicotiana
The Allison V730 is a three-speed automatic transmission used in several makes of transit bus including the RTS, Canadian-produced GM New Looks, and Grumman Flxibles.	grumman flxibles,new looks,transit bus,gm new,automatic transmission,speed automatic,grumman,speed,looks,automatic,transmission,make,canadian
Cerithiopsis amabilis is a species of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae.	family cerithiopsidae,gastropod molluscs,marine gastropod,sea snail,small sea,cerithiopsis amabili,amabili,family,species,molluscs,small,gastropod,marine,snail,cerithiopsis
The Conseil Interprofessionnel du Québec is a Canadian legal entity regrouping the professional orders in Quebec, which are represented by their president or another member designated by the board of directors of the order.	professional order,legal entity,canadian legal,du québec,interprofessionnel du,conseil interprofessionnel,order,interprofessionnel,québec,canadian,legal,entity,member,president,board
Folgóre da San Gimignano , pseudonym of Giacomo di Michele or Jacopo di Michele (c.	michele,gimignano,giacomo,pseudonym,folgóre,jacopo
Zoolandia is a zoo located Lieto, Finland, about a 20-minute drive north of Turku.	north,lieto,drive,finland,zoolandia,turku
Nine Mile Run, known as Ninemile Run according to the USGS GNIS, is a moderately large tributary of the Six Mile Run, one of the branches of the Millstone River, in central New Jersey in the United States.	mile run,united states,ninemile run,usgs gnis,new jersey,large tributary,six mile,central new,millstone river,united,jersey,central,river,millstone,large,tributary,gnis
The Future of Earthly Delites is a compilation album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden, released to promote their world tour of the same name.	world tour,savage garden,duo savage,pop duo,australian pop,compilation album,earthly delites,earthly,world,delites,garden,compilation,savage,album,australian
Saga is a Canadian rock band, from Oakville, Ontario.	rock band,canadian rock,canadian,oakville,rock,band,saga,ontario
Wang Changyuan (Chinese: 王昌元, Pinyin: Wáng Chāngyuán, b.	wáng chāngyuán,wang changyuan,changyuan,chāngyuán,chinese,wáng,pinyin,wang
Octahvia, is a female singer from New York City.	york city,new york,female singer,female,york,singer,octahvia,city
Katrin Wendland is a German mathematical physicist who works as a professor at the University of Freiburg.Wendland earned a diploma in mathematics from the University of Bonn in 1996, and a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Bonn in 2000, under the supervision of Werner Nahm.	werner nahm,mathematical physicist,german mathematical,katrin wendland,university,wendland,bonn,werner,supervision,mathematical,physicist,german,diploma,ph.d.
Antonio Vita is a Peruvian former sports shooter.	sport shooter,antonio vita,vita,sport,peruvian,antonio,shooter
Thorunna horologia is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	family chromodorididae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,dorid nudibranch,sea slug,thorunna horologia,horologia,family,species,mollusk,gastropod,slug,marine,dorid,shell
Hettiwatte Hemantha Devapriya is a former cricketer who played first-class cricket for Sri Lanka.	sri lanka,class cricket,hemantha devapriya,hettiwatte hemantha,hemantha,devapriya,cricket,cricketer,class
USS LST-472 was a United States Navy LST-1-class tank landing ship used in the Asiatic-Pacific Theater during World War II. As with many of her class, the ship was never named.	war ii,world war,landing ship,pacific theater,tank landing,states navy,united states,ship,united,states,navy,world,theater,tank
Hangman Island, also known as Hayman's Island, is an island in the Quincy Bay area of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.	recreation area,national recreation,islands national,harbor islands,boston harbor,bay area,quincy bay,hangman island,island,area,islands,harbor,national,quincy,boston,recreation,hangman
Matthew Scurfield is an English actor and the eldest child of author George Scurfield and his wife Cecilia .	wife cecilia,george scurfield,author george,eld child,english actor,matthew scurfield,scurfield,wife,child,actor,author,english,george,cecilia,matthew
Tecumseh was a Native American Shawnee warrior and chief, who became the primary leader of a large, multi-tribal confederacy in the early 19th century.	tribal confederacy,primary leader,shawnee warrior,american shawnee,native american,native,american,early,shawnee,confederacy,warrior,tribal,chief,multi
The 2005–06 Philadelphia Flyers season was the Flyers' 39th season in the National Hockey League .	hockey league,national hockey,flyers season,philadelphia flyers,flyers,season,hockey,national,league,philadelphia
In orbital mechanics, decay is a gradual decrease of the distance between two orbiting bodies at their closest approach over many orbital periods.	orbital period,close approach,gradual decrease,orbital mechanic,orbital,decrease,distance,gradual,body,decay,close,mechanic,approach,period
Hussein Taher Al-Sabee  is a Saudi Arabian long jumper.	long jumper,arabian long,saudi arabian,taher al,hussein taher,taher,long,arabian,sabee,saudi,hussein,jumper
The Republic of Central Lithuania or Middle Lithuania , or Central Lithuania , was a short-lived political entity, which did not gain international recognition.	central lithuania,middle lithuania,international recognition,political entity,lithuania,international,central,entity,political,recognition,republic,middle
Ungrateful is the fourth studio album by American rock band Escape the Fate.	band escape,rock band,american rock,studio album,fourth studio,fourth,escape,studio,band,album,rock,american,ungrateful,fate
WKMJ-TV is a non-commercial public television station that is licensed to and located in Louisville, Kentucky.	television station,public television,commercial public,louisville,station,commercial,television,public,wkmj,kentucky
Martin Hubert Gerzabek is an Austrian ecologist and soil scientist.	soil scientist,austrian ecologist,hubert gerzabek,martin hubert,hubert,soil,gerzabek,ecologist,austrian,martin,scientist
Pseudosphenoptera chrysorrhoea is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae.	subfamily arctiinae,pseudosphenoptera chrysorrhoea,chrysorrhoea,subfamily,moth,pseudosphenoptera,arctiinae
Anne Guimard is a Certified Financial Analyst, she holds a PhD in international finance.	international finance,financial analyst,certified financial,anne guimard,guimard,international,certified,financial,analyst,anne,finance
Rajesh Ranjan , better known as Pappu Yadav , is a politician.	pappu yadav,rajesh ranjan,ranjan,yadav,pappu,rajesh,politician
Malachi Richard Thompson , was an American avant-garde jazz trumpet player.	trumpet player,jazz trumpet,richard thompson,malachi richard,richard,trumpet,thompson,jazz,american,malachi,player
Hafetz Haim (Hebrew: חָפֵץ חַיִּים, lit.	חָפֵץ חַיִּים,hafetz haim,haim,חָפֵץ,hebrew,hafetz,חַיִּים
Hubbardia is a genus in the grass family that is endemic to India.	genus,endemic,grass,family,hubbardia,india
The Sharifian Army, also known as the Arab Army or the Hejazi army was the military force behind the Arab Revolt which was a part of the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I. Sharif Husayn ibn 'Ali of the Kingdom of Hejaz, who was proclaimed "Sultan of the Arabs" in 1916, led the Sharifian Army in a rebellion against the Ottoman Empire with the ultimate goal of uniting the Arab people under an independent government.	sharifian army,husayn ibn,arab army,sharif husayn,hejazi army,military force,independent government,i. sharif,arab revolt,war i.,army,arab,independent,husayn,sharif,kingdom
Mary Patricia Clarke is a writer, historian and former journalist who now writes about nineteenth century women in Australia.	century woman,nineteenth century,patricia clarke,mary patricia,patricia,woman,clarke,century,writer,nineteenth,historian,journalist,mary,australia
Enrico Domenic Tolentino del Rosario , is a Northern Mariana Islander professional footballer who plays for the Northern Mariana Islands national football team.	northern mariana,football team,professional footballer,islander professional,mariana islander,national football,islands national,mariana islands,del rosario,tolentino del,mariana,northern,domenic,football,tolentino,national,islands,rosario,professional
Biancolella is a white Italian wine grape variety grown primarily in the Campania region of southern Italy.	southern italy,campania region,grape variety,wine grape,italian wine,white italian,white,southern,italian,region,wine,campania,grape,variety,biancolella,italy
The 17th National Television Awards was held on 25 January 2012.	television awards,national television,national,awards,television,january
Basarabia Reînnoită was a newspaper from Iaşi, Romania, founded in March 1907 by Leonida Stamati, a boyar from Soroca involved in politics.	leonida stamati,basarabia reînnoită,reînnoită,soroca,newspaper,boyar,iaşi,stamati,romania,leonida,march,basarabia
Antiphrasis is the rhetorical device of saying the opposite of what is actually meant.That the opposite is meant is intended to be obvious.Some authors treat antiphrasis as merely a synonym for irony.	antiphrasis,opposite,synonym,rhetorical,author,device,obvious,irony
In Roman mythology, Morta was the goddess of death.	mythology,goddess,morta,roman,death
Amy Sueyoshi is the associate dean of the College of Ethnic Studies at San Francisco State University.	state university,francisco state,san francisco,ethnic studies,associate dean,amy sueyoshi,sueyoshi,state,associate,francisco,dean,college,studies,ethnic
Guimarães RUFC is a rugby team based in Guimarães, Portugal.	rugby team,guimarães rufc,guimarães,rugby,rufc,team,portugal
The 77th Texas Legislature met from January 9, 2001 to May 28, 2001.	texas legislature,texas,january,legislature
Almásfüzitő is a village in Komárom-Esztergom county, Hungary.	village,county,komárom,esztergom,almásfüzitő,hungary
The Leuven Faculty of Theology and Religious Studies is a branch of the Catholic University of Leuven.	catholic university,religious studies,leuven faculty,leuven,faculty,theology,religious,studies,branch,catholic,university
The 9M120 Ataka is an anti-tank guided missile originating from the Soviet Union.	soviet union,ataka,soviet,tank,missile,union
Conservation International is an American nonprofit environmental organization headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.	environmental organization,nonprofit environmental,american nonprofit,conservation international,international,arlington,american,organization,nonprofit,environmental,conservation,virginia
Crime in Japan is among the lowest compared to other countries.	japan,crime,country
Cindy Ossias is an American lawyer and musician.	american lawyer,cindy ossias,ossias,lawyer,american,cindy,musician
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's document "The Measurement of Scientific and Technological Activities, Proposed Guidelines for Collecting and Interpreting Technological Innovation Data", also known as the Oslo Manual, contains guidelines for collecting and using data on industrial innovation.	industrial innovation,oslo manual,innovation data,technological innovation,interpreting technological,technological activities,economic co,technological,innovation,economic,operation,development,document,manual,guideline,measurement
Jonathas' Forest is a 2012 Brazilian drama film written and directed by Sergio Andrade.	sergio andrade,drama film,brazilian drama,forest,sergio,brazilian,film,drama,jonathas,andrade
Alan John Williams was a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament for Swansea West from 1964 to 2010.	swansea west,party politician,labour party,british labour,john williams,alan john,john,swansea,williams,parliament,british,member,labour,politician,party,alan
Every year, Gujarat celebrates more than 200 festivals.	gujarat,year,festival
In set theory, a normal measure is a measure on a measurable cardinal κ such that the equivalence class of the identity function on κ maps to κ itself in the ultrapower construction.	ultrapower construction,identity function,equivalence class,cardinal κ,measurable cardinal,normal measure,set theory,measure,ultrapower,theory,function,identity,class,normal,equivalence
Guttenberg is a town in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	united states,new jersey,hudson county,town,united,hudson,jersey,county,guttenberg,states
Kamandala is a river flowing in the Tiruvannamalai district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	tamil nadu,indian state,tiruvannamalai district,river,tamil,tiruvannamalai,state,district,indian,kamandala,nadu
Britannia Points Halt railway station was a conditional stop on the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway in Kent, England.	dymchurch railway,conditional stop,railway station,halt railway,points halt,britannia points,railway,points,kent,halt,stop,romney,conditional,hythe,station,dymchurch
McNeil Island is an island in the northwest United States in south Puget Sound, located southwest of Tacoma, Washington.	puget sound,south puget,united states,northwest united,mcneil island,island,tacoma,southwest,sound,puget,south,states,united,northwest,washington
Stimulated Raman spectroscopy, also referred to as stimulated raman scattering is a form of spectroscopy employed in physics, chemistry, biology, and other fields.	raman scattering,raman spectroscopy,stimulated raman,raman,spectroscopy,biology,chemistry,physics,scattering,form,field,stimulated
Wembley Stadium in London is the current exclusive home stadium for the England national football team.	football team,national football,home stadium,england national,exclusive home,current exclusive,wembley stadium,stadium,football,national,england,current,exclusive,london,home,team,wembley
Sydney bus route L90 is an off-peak only limited-stop bus service operated by State Transit between Palm Beach and Wynyard station.	wynyard station,palm beach,state transit,bus service,stop bus,bus route,sydney bus,wynyard,beach,palm,transit,state,peak,service,route
Friedrich von Keller was a German landscape painter.	landscape painter,german landscape,von keller,friedrich von,landscape,keller,german,friedrich,painter
Ariel is the fourth-largest of the 27 known moons of Uranus.	large,moon,ariel,uranus
Abraham Oyanedel Urrutia was Acting President of Chile in 1932.	acting president,oyanedel urrutia,abraham oyanedel,oyanedel,president,urrutia,acting,abraham,chile
Michael Bielicky is a Czech-German media artist.	medium artist,german medium,michael bielicky,bielicky,medium,czech,german,michael,artist
Théophile N'Tamé is a Cameroonian football player who is a free agent after leaving Conference Premier club Wrexham on 17 December 2013.	club wrexham,premier club,conference premier,free agent,football player,cameroonian football,théophile n'tamé,n'tamé,wrexham,cameroonian,club,football,premier,player,conference,free,agent
Lori Jakiela is the author of three memoirs, Belief is Its Own Kind of Truth, Maybe , The Bridge to Take When Things Get Serious , and Miss New York Has Everything , as well as an essay collection -- "Portrait of the Artist as a Bingo Worker -- Essays on Work and the Writing Life" , and the poetry collection Spot the Terrorist .	collection spot,poetry collection,writing life,bingo worker,essay collection,new york,own kind,miss new,-PRON- own,lori jakiela,collection,jakiela,author,memoir,spot,belief,-PRON-,kind,truth
March 24 - Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar - March 26	liturgical calendar,orthodox liturgical,eastern orthodox,march,eastern,orthodox,liturgical,calendar
All fixed commemorations below are observed on April 7 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.For March 25th, Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar commemorate the Saints listed on March 12.	orthodox churches,old calendar,orthodox,calendar,march,april,churches,saints,commemoration
María Guadalupe Urzúa Flores was a Mexican politician, activist, and the Municipal President of Jocotepec, from 1982 to 1985, and the Municipal President of San Martín de Hidalgo, from 1997 to 2000.	municipal president,de hidalgo,martín de,mexican politician,san martín,urzúa flores,guadalupe urzúa,maría guadalupe,president,municipal,guadalupe,urzúa,flores,martín,mexican,politician
Christmas with Glen Campbell is the fifty-fifth album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1995 .	glen campbell,fifth album,american singer,guitarist glen,glen,album,american,fifth,singer,campbell,guitarist,christmas
The Astrophysics Research Institute is an astronomy and astrophysics research institute located in Merseyside, UK. Formed in 1992, the institute was situated on the Twelve Quays site in Birkenhead from 1998 to 2013, until in June 2013 the institute relocated to the Liverpool Science Park in Liverpool.	research institute,science park,astrophysic research,quays site,liverpool science,twelve quays,astrophysics research,institute,research,liverpool,site,quays,birkenhead,astrophysic,twelve,june,science
Haunter, known in Japan as Ghost , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak's Pokémon franchise.	pokémon franchise,game freak,pokémon species,pokémon,japan,ghost,nintendo,game,species,freak,haunter,franchise
Muscoda is a village in Grant and Iowa counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.	u.s. state,iowa county,village,state,grant,u.s.,iowa,county,muscoda,wisconsin
Yorktown Independent School District is a public school district based in Yorktown, Texas .	school district,public school,independent school,yorktown independent,yorktown,district,school,independent,public,texas
Gamlingay Village College was a middle school with academy status located in Gamlingay, Cambridgeshire, England.	academy status,middle school,village college,gamlingay village,gamlingay,cambridgeshire,middle,school,college,academy,village,status,england
The Good Cider Guide is a book published occasionally by the Campaign for Real Ale listing cider and perry outlets and producers in the United Kingdom.	united kingdom,perry outlet,listing cider,ale listing,cider guide,real ale,good cider,cider,united,producer,outlet,campaign,real,perry,book,guide
X is the tenth LP album released 1983 by the Danish rock band Gnags.	band gnags,rock band,danish rock,lp album,tenth lp,tenth,band,rock,album,danish,gnags
The Nishihara Loans were a series of loans made by the Japanese government under the administration of Prime Minister Terauchi Masatake to the Anhui clique warlord Duan Qirui from January 1917 to September 1918 to persuade him to favor Japanese interests in China.In January 1917, Prime Minister Terauchi sent a personal envoy, a private businessman named Nishihara Kamezo to negotiate a series of eight loans totaling 145 million yen to the leader of one of the splinter groups of the former Beiyang Army, Duan Qirui.	duan qirui,minister terauchi,prime minister,warlord duan,terauchi masatake,clique warlord,japanese interest,anhui clique,nishihara kamezo,private businessman,january,japanese,terauchi,duan,nishihara,series,prime,loan,group,splinter
Rahambuu is an Austronesian language of Southeast Sulawesi, Indonesia.	southeast sulawesi,austronesian language,austronesian,sulawesi,language,southeast,rahambuu,indonesia
Moscow is an unincorporated community in the town of Stowe in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.	united states,lamoille county,unincorporated community,unincorporated,united,community,vermont,town,county,stowe,lamoille,moscow,states
Korean mixed script, known in Korean as hanja honyong , Hanja-seokkeosseugi , 'Chinese character mixed usage,' or gukhanmun honyong , 'national Sino-Korean mixed usage,' is a form of writing the Korean language that uses a mixture of the Korean alphabet or hangul and hanja , the Korean name for Chinese characters.	korean mixed,mixed usage,mixed script,chinese character,hanja honyong,character mixed,gukhanmun honyong,national sino,korean language,korean alphabet,korean,hanja,mixed,honyong,usage,chinese,national,gukhanmun,hangul,sino
The 2000 FIA GT Valencia 500 km was the first round the 2000 FIA GT Championship season.	fia gt,gt valencia,championship season,gt championship,championship,round,valencia,season
Carl Zeiss ), branded as ZEISS, is a German manufacturer of optical systems, and industrial measurement and medical devices, founded in Jena, Germany in 1846 by optician Carl Zeiss.	carl zeiss,german manufacturer,optical system,industrial measurement,medical device,optician carl,zeiss,measurement,medical,industrial,device,system,jena,optical,germany,manufacturer
The following is a list of characters that appear in Shuriken School.	character,shuriken,list,school
Litoxetine is an antidepressant which was under clinical development for the treatment of depression in the early 1990s but was never marketed.	clinical development,antidepressant,early,clinical,depression,development,treatment,litoxetine
Larry Asera, a Filipino American engineer, businessman, and politician, is the first Filipino American elected to public office in the US mainland.	filipino american,american engineer,us mainland,public office,larry asera,filipino,american,asera,office,public,businessman,politician,engineer,mainland
Leopold Koželuch , born Jan Antonín Koželuh, alternatively also Leopold Koželuh, Leopold Kotzeluch) was a Czech composer and music teacher.	music teacher,czech composer,leopold kotzeluch,leopold koželuh,antonín koželuh,jan antonín,leopold koželuch,leopold,music,composer,czech,kotzeluch,antonín,koželuch,koželuh,teacher
Gofasia is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.	family rissoidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,minute sea,genus,family,minute,micromollusk,mollusk,snail,gastropod,marine,gofasia
In finance, the terminal value of a security is the present value at a future point in time of all future cash flows when we expect stable growth rate forever.	growth rate,stable growth,cash flow,future cash,future point,present value,terminal value,value,future,growth,stable,terminal,flow,cash,security,present,point
Marani is a village in Abasha District of Georgia.	village,district,abasha,marani,georgia
Herman of Hauteville (c.	hauteville,herman
Utku Ünal is a Turkish musician.	turkish musician,utku ünal,ünal,turkish,utku,musician
The 2010 Northwestern State Demons football team represented Northwestern State University in the 2010 NCAA Division I FCS football season.	northwestern state,football season,football team,ncaa division,demons football,state demons,state university,football,state,ncaa,division,university,team,northwestern,demons,season
The Victoria University College is an independent college in Yangon, Myanmar.	independent college,university college,victoria university,college,university,yangon,victoria,myanmar,independent
Hoover is a 2000 American drama film starring Ernest Borgnine as J. Edgar Hoover.	edgar hoover,j. edgar,ernest borgnine,drama film,american drama,hoover,american,drama,film,ernest,borgnine,edgar
Vijaya Ramanayake is a Sri Lankan film and music producer, songwriter, journalist and author.	music producer,lankan film,sri lankan,vijaya ramanayake,ramanayake,journalist,songwriter,lankan,producer,film,music,vijaya,author
Luanshya is a town in Zambia, in the Copperbelt Province near Ndola.	town,province,zambia,copperbelt,luanshya,ndola
The Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc.	fragrance materials,research institute,institute,materials,fragrance,research,inc.
Epiricania is a genus of moths in the family Epipyropidae described by Kato in 1939.	genus,epipyropidae,moth,family,epiricania,kato
The Girl in the Picture is a 1957 British crime film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Donald Houston and Patrick Holt.	patrick holt,donald houston,don chaffey,crime film,british crime,picture,patrick,british,houston,crime,donald,film,chaffey,girl
Sat Paul Parashar is an Indian financial management expert and business education administrator.	education administrator,business education,management expert,financial management,indian financial,paul parashar,sat paul,paul,education,parashar,business,indian,expert,financial,management,administrator
Little Big Panda , is a 2011 animated children's family film directed by Michael Schoemann.	michael schoemann,family film,big panda,little big,michael,panda,film,child,family,little,schoemann
Ron Aprea is a composer, arranger, producer, saxophonist, clarinetist, and flutist.	aprea,clarinetist,composer,saxophonist,arranger,producer,flutist
Hemicoelus is a genus of death-watch beetles in the family Ptinidae.	family ptinidae,watch beetle,genus,family,death,beetle,watch,hemicoelus,ptinidae
Laguna Tanquina is a lake in the Beni Department, Bolivia.	beni department,laguna tanquina,tanquina,department,lake,beni,laguna,bolivia
Stephanie Janette Block is an American actress and singer, known for her work in Broadway musicals.	broadway musical,american actress,janette block,stephanie janette,janette,broadway,block,work,american,singer,actress,stephanie,musical
The highest-selling albums in Brazil are ranked in the CD - TOP 20 Semanal ABPD, published by the Associação Brasileira dos Produtores de Discos .	associação brasileira,semanal abpd,brazil,produtores,brasileira,associação,semanal,abpd,album,discos
Kleenex Girl Wonder is an indie rock band, originally from the suburbs of Chicago but now based in New York City.	york city,rock band,new york,indie rock,girl wonder,kleenex girl,girl,york,wonder,indie,chicago,rock,suburb,band,kleenex
Stan Huntington was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League .	football league,rule footballer,victorian football,australian rule,stan huntington,huntington,football,australian,victorian,rule,melbourne,footballer,stan,league
The EMLL 58th Anniversary Show was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre that took place on September 8, 1991 in Arena Mexico, Mexico City, Mexico.	mexico city,lucha libre,arena mexico,de lucha,mexicana de,wrestling major,empresa mexicana,professional wrestling,anniversary show,mexico,anniversary,show,professional,wrestling,major,event,empresa,mexicana
State Route 370 is 1.21-mile long north–south state highway in the western part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	u.s. state,state highway,south state,long north,state route,state,long,north,western,route,south,highway,u.s.,ohio
The 58th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government, consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives.	delaware house,delaware senate,state government,legislative branch,general assembly,delaware general,delaware,house,legislative,meeting,branch,assembly,state,general,government,representatives
WENR is an AM radio station licensed to Englewood, Tennessee, which programs a Gospel music format.	music format,gospel music,radio station,am radio,music,radio,gospel,station,tennessee,englewood,wenr,format
Kurtziella perryae is a species of very small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	family mangeliidae,gastropod mollusk,marine gastropod,sea snail,predatory sea,small predatory,kurtziella perryae,perryae,family,species,mollusk,small,gastropod,predatory,marine,snail
Ricardo Klenk is an Argentine alpine skier.	alpine skier,argentine alpine,ricardo klenk,klenk,alpine,argentine,ricardo,skier
This list of protected areas of Bornholm is a list of protected areas of Bornholm, Denmark.	bornholm,list,area,denmark
Vladimir Ponkin is a Russian principal conductor, Professor and a recipient of both the Golden Mask and People's Artist of Russia award from Irkutsk.	russia award,golden mask,principal conductor,russian principal,vladimir ponkin,ponkin,award,russian,russia,principal,artist,conductor,people,professor,mask
Lac du Bois is a protected area north of Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.	british columbia,du bois,lac du,columbia,bois,british,area,kamloop,canada
Akan is a town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.	united states,richland county,town,united,richland,wisconsin,county,akan,states
The 1944 National Football League Championship Game was the 12th National Football League title game.	national football,football league,league championship,championship game,title game,league title,league,game,national,football,championship,title
Mesosa quadriplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,mesosa quadriplagiata,quadriplagiata,family,species,beetle,mesosa,cerambycidae
Mesa para tres is a 2004 Colombian telenovela produced and broadcast by Caracol TV.	caracol tv,colombian telenovela,para tre,mesa para,para,caracol,telenovela,colombian,mesa
Luis and Alejandro Toro arrive with their mother to Bogotá, after escaping their home town, where they owned a restaurant.	home town,alejandro toro,alejandro,town,toro,home,mother,bogotá,luis,restaurant
Masashi Takeda is a Japanese professional wrestler and mixed martial artist, primarily working for Big Japan Pro Wrestling in the Deathmatch division, where he is the current BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Champion in his first reign.	heavyweight champion,deathmatch heavyweight,bjw deathmatch,deathmatch division,pro wrestling,current bjw,japan pro,martial artist,big japan,mixed martial,deathmatch,takeda,japanese,champion,professional,wrestler,mixed,martial,artist
Chesneya elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Chesneya found in Turkey.	genus chesneya,plant specie,chesneya,specie,plant,genus,turkey
The Pakistan–Spain relations are the diplomatic and bilateral relations between Spain and Pakistan.	bilateral relation,spain relation,relation,spain,diplomatic,bilateral,pakistan
Marvin Delph is a retired American basketball player, who experienced his greatest success at the college level.	college level,great success,basketball player,american basketball,retired american,marvin delph,delph,college,retired,success,american,great,basketball,player,marvin,level
In Greek mythology, Tenes or Tennes was the eponymous hero of the island of Tenedos.	eponymous hero,greek mythology,mythology,island,tenes,hero,tennes,eponymous,greek,tenedos
Disney Channel is a Southeast Asian pay television channel owned by The Walt Disney Company Southeast Asia.	company southeast,disney company,television channel,walt disney,pay television,asian pay,southeast asian,disney channel,southeast,channel,disney,asian,television,company,walt,asia
Context mixing is a type of data compression algorithm in which the next-symbol predictions of two or more statistical models are combined to yield a prediction that is often more accurate than any of the individual predictions.	individual prediction,statistical model,symbol prediction,compression algorithm,datum compression,context mixing,prediction,mixing,type,datum,compression,algorithm,symbol,statistical,model,accurate
Meridemis insulata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	family tortricidae,meridemis insulata,insulata,family,species,moth,meridemis,tortricidae
The Lepidoptera of the Faroe Islands consist of both the butterflies and moths recorded from the Faroe Islands.	faroe islands,faroe,butterfly,islands,moth,lepidoptera
Grimm Reality is a BBC Books original novel written by Simon Bucher-Jones and Kelly Hale and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	doctor who,series doctor,television series,fiction television,kelly hale,simon bucher,science fiction,original novel,british science,books original,reality,doctor,series,books,television,original,fiction,novel,science
Crutch is a 2004 autobiographical coming of age film written and directed by Rob Moretti.	rob moretti,age film,autobiographical,film,crutch,moretti
Thomas Smith was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Indiana.	states house,united states,thomas smith,smith,representatives,member,house,united,states,thomas,indiana
Si Rat Malai is a former administrative division of Thailand.	administrative division,rat malai,si rat,division,malai,administrative,thailand
Tony Costner is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 2nd round of the 1984 NBA Draft and played in Europe and in the Continental Basketball Association.	basketball association,nba draft,continental basketball,washington bullets,basketball player,professional basketball,tony costner,basketball,costner,american,round,professional,bullets,draft,washington
Sheridan Township is a township in Scott County, Iowa, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 4,646.	scott county,sheridan township,township,census,iowa,county,scott,population,sheridan
Elwood Union Free School District is a school district in New York, United States.	school district,united states,new york,free school,union free,elwood union,union,united,free,york,school,district,elwood,states
Nakanoshima Station is a Sapporo Municipal Subway station in Toyohira-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.	subway station,municipal subway,sapporo municipal,nakanoshima station,station,sapporo,hokkaido,subway,toyohira,municipal,japan,nakanoshima
Maselli is a surname.	maselli,surname
Chronic superficial keratitis , also known as pannus or Uberreiter’s disease, is an inflammatory condition of the cornea in dogs, particularly seen in the German Shepherd.	german shepherd,inflammatory condition,superficial keratitis,chronic superficial,superficial,german,keratitis,pannus,cornea,uberreiter,condition,disease,inflammatory
Đavolja varoš is a peculiar rock formation, located in south Serbia on the Radan Mountain on the territory of the village of Đake in the municipality Kuršumlija.	municipality kuršumlija,radan mountain,south serbia,rock formation,peculiar rock,đavolja varoš,varoš,municipality,peculiar,đake,rock,village,formation,territory,south,mountain
Perth PURTH) is the capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia.	western australia,australian state,large city,perth purth,purth,western,capital,state,large,australian,city,perth,australia
The giant mole-rat or Russian mole-rat is a species of rodent in the family Spalacidae found in a limited area of Kazakhstan and southern Russia.	southern russia,limited area,family spalacidae,russian mole,giant mole,mole,southern,kazakhstan,area,limited,spalacidae,family,rodent,species
François-Alfred Delobbe, was a French painter in the Naturalist style.	naturalist style,french painter,alfred delobbe,alfred,naturalist,delobbe,painter,french,françois,style
Tony Asher is an English-American jingle writer who co-wrote eight songs on the Beach Boys 1966 album Pet Sounds, including the singles "God Only Knows", "Wouldn't It Be Nice", and "Caroline, No".	pet sounds,album pet,beach boys,jingle writer,american jingle,tony asher,asher,nice,english,american,single,jingle,sounds,writer
The Newfoundland Escort Force was a Second World War naval command created on 20 May 1941 as part of the Allied convoy system in the Battle of the Atlantic.	convoy system,naval command,allied convoy,war naval,world war,second world,escort force,newfoundland escort,escort,battle,force,system,second,convoy,world,allied
Floristry is the production, commerce and trade in flowers.	production,trade,commerce,floristry,flower
Anjul Nigam is an established character actor, producer and writer.	character actor,established character,anjul nigam,nigam,producer,established,actor,character,anjul,writer
Jukia Yoshimura 18 February 1993) is a Japanese male BMX rider, representing his nation at international competitions.	international competition,bmx rider,male bmx,japanese male,jukia yoshimura,yoshimura,international,february,nation,japanese,rider,male,jukia,competition
This page provides supplementary chemical data on lithium tantalate.	lithium tantalate,chemical datum,supplementary chemical,supplementary,lithium,chemical,datum,page,tantalate
The Kraton Kasepuhan is the oldest kraton in the Indonesian city of Cirebon.	indonesian city,old kraton,kraton kasepuhan,kraton,city,indonesian,kasepuhan,cirebon
Aktuelle Rundschau was a German-language newspaper published in Paraguay until 2007.	language newspaper,aktuelle rundschau,rundschau,newspaper,german,language,aktuelle,paraguay
The 1990 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards was held in 1990 for the 1989 music season.	music season,songs awards,gold songs,rthk top,music,gold,awards,songs,rthk,season
Enciclopedia Română was the first encyclopedia in the Romanian language.	romanian language,enciclopedia română,română,romanian,encyclopedia,enciclopedia,language
Nelson Mandela University , formerly known as University of Port Elizabeth , is a South African university with its main administration in the coastal city of Port Elizabeth.	port elizabeth,african university,south african,main administration,coastal city,mandela university,nelson mandela,university,port,mandela,coastal,administration,south,city,elizabeth,main,african
Villafranca de los Caballeros is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	caballeros,mancha,municipality,province,castile,toledo,villafranca,spain
John G. McKay was an American college football and basketball coach.	basketball coach,college football,american college,g. mckay,john g.,basketball,mckay,football,american,college,john,coach
The Key West Literary Seminar is a writers' conference and festival held each January in Key West, Florida.	key west,literary seminar,west literary,west,conference,writer,festival,seminar,january,literary,florida
The sweet potato is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the bindweed or morning glory family, Convolvulaceae.	glory family,morning glory,dicotyledonous plant,sweet potato,potato,family,dicotyledonous,glory,plant,morning,bindweed,sweet,convolvulaceae
The Sangre de Cristo Range, called the East Range locally in the San Luis Valley, is a high, rugged and narrow mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in southern Colorado in the United States, running north and south along the east side of the Rio Grande Rift.	grande rift,united states,rio grande,southern colorado,rocky mountains,mountain range,luis valley,narrow mountain,san luis,east range,range,east,grande,cristo,colorado,united,high,southern,valley
Sir George Sutherland Mackenzie  was a British businessman and explorer.	british businessman,sutherland mackenzie,george sutherland,sir george,george,businessman,sutherland,british,mackenzie,explorer
Dean McIntosh, known professionally as Arrow Benjamin, is an English singer and songwriter.	english singer,arrow benjamin,dean mcintosh,mcintosh,singer,arrow,english,benjamin,dean,songwriter
Monyash is a village and civil parish in the Peak District in Derbyshire, England, about 5 miles west of the market town Bakewell.	town bakewell,market town,peak district,civil parish,village,town,civil,market,parish,mile,peak,england,district,derbyshire
Proxima Centauri of Centaurus'), or Alpha Centauri C, is a red dwarf, a small low-mass star, about 4.244 light-years from the Sun in the constellation of Centaurus.	mass star,small low,red dwarf,centauri c,alpha centauri,proxima centauri,centauri,centaurus,mass,star,small,light,dwarf,year
A proplyd, a syllabic abbreviation of an ionized protoplanetary disk, is an externally illuminated photoevaporating disk around a young star.	young star,photoevaporating disk,protoplanetary disk,ionized protoplanetary,syllabic abbreviation,disk,syllabic,young,abbreviation,ionized,protoplanetary,proplyd,star,photoevaporating
I'm a Mess is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran for his second studio album, x .	studio album,second studio,ed sheeran,songwriter ed,english singer,song,studio,english,second,singer,sheeran,songwriter,mess,album
Tell Safiyeh  is an archaeological site 3 km southwest of Yaate near Baalbek in Baalbek-Hermel Governorate.	hermel governorate,archaeological site,baalbek,archaeological,site,hermel,yaate,safiyeh,governorate
New Taipei Municipal Hsinchuang Senior High School was founded in 1992.	high school,senior high,hsinchuang senior,municipal hsinchuang,taipei municipal,new taipei,taipei,high,municipal,senior,hsinchuang,school
The Ford Fairlane Thunderbolt is a limited production, factory experimental, drag racing version of the Ford Fairlane produced during the 1964 model year only.	ford fairlane,fairlane thunderbolt,limited production,factory experimental,model year,fairlane,model,factory,production,experimental,limited,version,ford,thunderbolt,year
The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League .	lacrosse league,national lacrosse,lacrosse team,toronto rock,lacrosse,toronto,rock,team,national,league
The Vernon Building Society Brass Band is a brass band from Poynton in Cheshire.	brass band,society brass,building society,vernon building,building,poynton,society,band,brass,vernon,cheshire
Leonard Suransky is a South African doctor of International Relations and Education and is the former Head of the Department of International Relations at Webster University in Leiden, Netherlands.	international relations,webster university,african doctor,south african,leonard suransky,relations,international,suransky,leiden,south,university,african,webster,doctor,head
Kokoda Barracks is an Australian Army base located in the Canungra Military Area near Witheren, Queensland.	military area,canungra military,army base,australian army,kokoda barracks,barracks,witheren,australian,area,army,military,base,canungra,kokoda,queensland
Wang Jingchao is a Chinese baseball infielder for the Tianjin Lions.	tianjin lions,baseball infielder,chinese baseball,wang jingchao,jingchao,tianjin,chinese,infielder,baseball,wang,lions
Kinder Lal also spelt as Kindar Lal was an Indian politician.	indian politician,kindar lal,kinder lal,indian,politician,kinder,kindar
Abdelkader Hachani ; Arabic: عبد القادر حشاني‎; 26 December 1956 – 22 November 1999) was a leading figure and founding member of the Islamic Salvation Front , an Algerian Islamic party.	islamic party,algerian islamic,salvation front,القادر حشاني‎,islamic salvation,leading figure,عبد القادر,abdelkader hachani,islamic,hachani,arabic,القادر,حشاني‎,december,november,leading,figure
The 1989 Louisville Cardinals football team represented the University of Louisville in the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season.	football season,ncaa division,football team,cardinals football,louisville cardinals,football,louisville,team,division,university,ncaa,cardinals,season
The first ever UEFA Women's Cup took place during the 2001–02 season.	women,place,uefa,season
Wat'a is an archaeological in Peru.	archaeological,wat'a,peru
�The New Zealand budget for fiscal year 2012–2013 was presented to the New Zealand House of Representatives by Finance Minister Bill English on 24 May 2012.This was the fourth budget Bill English has presented as Minister of Finance.	bill english,budget bill,fourth budget,new zealand,minister bill,zealand budget,fiscal year,finance minister,zealand house,budget,zealand,minister,english,bill,year,representatives,house,finance
Fatehabad District, is one of the twenty-two districts of Haryana state, India.	haryana state,fatehabad district,district,state,haryana,india,fatehabad
Poinsettia: 亜麻色ウィンターメモリーズ is Japanese pop singer Hitomi Shimatani's first mini-album.	hitomi shimatani,singer hitomi,pop singer,japanese pop,亜麻色ウィンターメモリーズ,mini,japanese,shimatani,hitomi,singer,poinsettia,album
Maha Yazawin Thit ; lit.	yazawin thit,maha yazawin,yazawin,maha,thit
Amy Guy is a Welsh beauty queen, television performer and athlete.	television performer,beauty queen,welsh beauty,amy guy,performer,welsh,television,beauty,queen,athlete
Professor Robert Kerford Morton FAA was an Australian biochemist.	australian biochemist,morton faa,kerford morton,robert kerford,professor robert,robert,australian,kerford,morton,professor,biochemist
Achille-Félix Montaubry, was a French musician and operatic tenor, active in Paris; later a theatre director.	theatre director,operatic tenor,french musician,félix montaubry,félix,theatre,montaubry,paris,french,active,musician,tenor,operatic,achille
Durgan is a hamlet in the parish of Mawnan, south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	united kingdom,south cornwall,hamlet,united,parish,england,mawnan,cornwall,south,durgan,kingdom
Cedry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,podlaskie voivodeship,kolno county,gmina stawiski,administrative district,village,eastern,administrative,north,district,voivodeship,gmina,podlaskie,stawiski,county
The 19th National Society of Film Critics Awards, given on 3 January 1985, honored the best filmmaking of 1984.	good filmmaking,critics awards,film critics,national society,national,good,society,january,film,awards,critics,filmmaking
Paracelsianism was an early modern medical movement based on the theories and therapies of Paracelsus.	medical movement,modern medical,early modern,early,therapy,modern,theory,medical,movement,paracelsianism,paracelsus
Above and Beyond is a four-hour 2006 miniseries aired by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on October 29 and 30, 2006.	broadcasting corporation,canadian broadcasting,hour,corporation,miniserie,broadcasting,canadian,beyond,october
Al Kharjah is a town in Iraq, that is south of Samara.	kharjah,iraq,town,samara
George Roper was an English football manager.	football manager,english football,george roper,roper,football,english,george,manager
The Pain Clinic is a pro wrestling talk show that airs Saturday mornings on FOX Sports 1280 Rochester in Rochester, New York.	new york,fox sports,saturday morning,wrestling talk,pro wrestling,pain clinic,rochester,clinic,wrestling,talk,saturday,morning,sports
Navarre High School is one of six high schools in the Santa Rosa County School District.	high school,school district,county school,rosa county,santa rosa,navarre high,school,high,rosa,santa,county,navarre,district
Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense is a short-lived anthology television series produced in Britain in 1984/85 by Hammer Studios.	hammer studios,television series,anthology television,lived anthology,hammer house,hammer,lived,anthology,suspense,television,mystery,series,house,britain,studios
Ian Robert MacRae  is a former New Zealand rugby union player.	union player,rugby union,zealand rugby,new zealand,robert macrae,ian robert,robert,union,macrae,rugby,zealand,player
Transparency of media ownership is the public availability of accurate, comprehensive and up-to-date information about media ownership structures.	medium ownership,public availability,date information,ownership structure,ownership,medium,accurate,comprehensive,availability,date,public,information,transparency,structure
Devender Lochab is an Indian cricketer.	indian cricketer,devender lochab,lochab,indian,devender,cricketer
Belören is a village in the District of Kahta, Adıyaman Province, Turkey.	village,province,district,adıyaman,kahta,belören,turkey
OpenIPO is a modified Dutch auction which allows shares of an initial public offering to be allocated in an impartial way.	impartial way,public offering,initial public,dutch auction,auction,impartial,share,offering,initial,public,dutch
The 1951 Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship was the 61st staging of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Tipperary County Board in 1887.	tipperary senior,senior hurling,hurling championship,county board,tipperary county,tipperary,championship,county,hurling,senior,staging,establishment,board
Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company is a privately held corporation based in Pennsylvania.	resorts company,hershey entertainment,entertainment,corporation,resorts,company,hershey,pennsylvania
Maxwell is an unincorporated community in Washington Township, Morgan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.	u.s. state,morgan county,washington township,unincorporated community,unincorporated,state,community,u.s.,washington,county,township,morgan,maxwell,indiana
The Phoenix Plate was an ancient tectonic plate that existed during the mid-Cretaceous through early Cenozoic time.	cenozoic time,tectonic plate,early cenozoic,ancient tectonic,phoenix plate,plate,cenozoic,early,cretaceous,ancient,tectonic,time,phoenix
Jean Charles Émile Taris was a French swimmer who competed at the 1928, 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics.	summer olympics,french swimmer,émile taris,charles émile,jean charles,charles,summer,émile,swimmer,taris,french,jean,olympics
Franz Obrist was an Italian luger who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.	italian luger,franz obrist,obrist,early,italian,luger,franz
Troller Run is a stream in Thurston County in the U.S. state of Washington.	u.s. state,thurston county,troller run,state,stream,u.s.,thurston,county,troller,washington
All Around the Circle was a Canadian variety television series which featured the music of Newfoundland and Labrador, performed in St.	television series,variety television,canadian variety,canadian,labrador,variety,newfoundland,television,music,series,circle
Roy Lacaud Heenan,  was a Canadian labour lawyer and academic.	labour lawyer,canadian labour,lacaud heenan,roy lacaud,lacaud,lawyer,heenan,labour,canadian,academic
Ain't Too Proud to Beg is a 1966 song and hit single by the Temptations for Motown Records' Gordy label, produced by Norman Whitfield and written by Whitfield and Edward Holland, Jr.	edward holland,norman whitfield,gordy label,motown records,whitfield,holland,song,single,temptations,motown,edward,records,gordy
Peyton Field at Baker Stadium is a 3,500-seat stadium located on the campus of the University of Puget Sound in the North End of Tacoma, Washington.	north end,puget sound,baker stadium,peyton field,stadium,tacoma,field,north,sound,baker,puget,university,campus
Sindoh , formerly Sindoricoh , is a South Korean company that makes multi-function printers, fax machines, and 3D printers.	fax machine,function printer,korean company,south korean,printer,sindoricoh,south,korean,company,multi,function,machine
1-Fluornaphthalene is an organofluorine chemical compound from the group of naphthalene derivatives and fluoroaromatics.	naphthalene derivative,chemical compound,organofluorine chemical,chemical,derivative,compound,naphthalene,group,organofluorine,fluoroaromatic
The Volcan Army was a Chadian insurgent rebel group that was active during the Chadian Civil War.	civil war,rebel group,chadian civil,insurgent rebel,chadian insurgent,volcan army,chadian,army,civil,rebel,group,insurgent,active,volcan
The Last Lord is a 1926 Italian silent comedy film directed by Augusto Genina.It is based on the play of the same title by Ugo Falena.	ugo falena,augusto genina,comedy film,silent comedy,italian silent,last lord,lord,italian,title,silent,play,comedy,genina,film,augusto
Brett Bochy is an American former professional baseball pitcher.	baseball pitcher,professional baseball,brett bochy,bochy,baseball,american,professional,brett,pitcher
In North America, Belgian waffles are a variety of waffle with a lighter batter, larger squares, and deeper pockets than ordinary American waffles.	american waffle,ordinary american,deep pocket,large square,light batter,belgian waffle,north america,waffle,america,belgian,square,deep,large,pocket,batter,ordinary,light
Cornelis Henricus Maria Versteegh, better known as Kees Versteegh ; 1947–present), is a Dutch linguist and Arabist.	dutch linguist,kees versteegh,maria versteegh,henricus maria,cornelis henricus,versteegh,henricus,linguist,maria,dutch,cornelis,arabist,kees
The Cherubim and Seraphim Society is a Christian denomination from Nigeria.	christian denomination,seraphim society,seraphim,denomination,society,christian,cherubim,nigeria
Mike Dee is an American college baseball coach who has been the head coach of UIC since the start of the 1999 season.	head coach,baseball coach,college baseball,american college,mike dee,coach,start,american,college,baseball,mike,season,head
Irène Laure was a French socialist activist and politician, a member of the French Resistance and an MP in the 1945 parliament.	french resistance,socialist activist,french socialist,irène laure,french,laure,resistance,activist,politician,socialist,member,parliament,irène
The Tardenoisian is an archaeological culture of the Mesolithic/Epipaleolithic period from northern France and Belgium.	northern france,epipaleolithic period,archaeological culture,archaeological,france,culture,northern,mesolithic,period,epipaleolithic,tardenoisian,belgium
Red Apple Falls is the sixth album by Smog , released in May 1997 on Drag City and re-released in Europe in 2001 by Domino.	drag city,sixth album,apple falls,red apple,apple,europe,falls,city,sixth,drag,album,smog
Ash Grove Cement Company is a cement manufacturer based in Overland Park, Kansas, United States.	united states,overland park,cement manufacturer,cement company,grove cement,ash grove,cement,united,grove,kansas,park,overland,manufacturer,states,company
Karin Broberg is a Swedish geneticist and toxicologist and professor at Karolinska Institutet, Sweden, known for her work on human adaptation to challenging environments.	challenging environment,human adaptation,karolinska institutet,swedish geneticist,karin broberg,broberg,challenging,swedish,adaptation,geneticist,human,toxicologist,work,professor,sweden
Popocatépetl ; Nahuatl: Popōcatepētl ) is an active stratovolcano, located in the states of Puebla and Morelos, in central Mexico, and lies in the eastern half of the Trans-Mexican volcanic belt.	volcanic belt,mexican volcanic,eastern half,central mexico,active stratovolcano,nahuatl,volcanic,popōcatepētl,mexican,active,trans,stratovolcano,half,state,eastern
Meymik is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	eastern afghanistan,badakhshan province,village,eastern,badakhshan,north,province,meymik,afghanistan
The Steven Salaita Controversy is a controversy in which the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign conditionally offered a faculty position to Steven Salaita, only to have Chancellor Phyllis M. Wise withdraw the offer.	steven salaita,salaita controversy,m. wise,illinois urbana,faculty position,phyllis m.,chancellor phyllis,salaita,controversy,wise,phyllis,champaign,faculty,urbana,position,illinois
The Turkish Patent Institute  is an intellectual property organization with a special budget being attached to the Ministry of Industry and Commerce of the Republic of Turkey.	special budget,property organization,intellectual property,patent institute,turkish patent,patent,republic,institute,commerce,intellectual,industry,property,ministry,organization,budget
Janet Barnes, is a British curator and former museum director.	museum director,british curator,janet barnes,barnes,museum,british,curator,janet,director
B'Nai Zion Temple is a historic Jewish temple located in downtown Shreveport, Louisiana.	downtown shreveport,jewish temple,historic jewish,zion temple,b'nai zion,temple,shreveport,zion,downtown,historic,jewish,louisiana,b'nai
The world's first Bismarck tower was erected by private initiative in 1869 in the village of Ober-Johnsdorf, Silesia, then part of Prussia .	private initiative,bismarck tower,bismarck,silesia,tower,johnsdorf,private,ober,initiative,village,world,prussia
Stanley Smith Stevens was an American psychologist who founded Harvard's Psycho-Acoustic Laboratory, studying psychoacoustics, and he is credited with the introduction of Stevens's power law.	power law,acoustic laboratory,american psychologist,smith stevens,stanley smith,stevens,smith,power,psycho,acoustic,harvard,laboratory,psychologist,psychoacoustic,american
Gary Edward Lindstrom is an Emeritus Professor of Computer Science at the University of Utah, having taught previously at the University of Pittsburgh.	computer science,emeritus professor,edward lindstrom,gary edward,university,edward,lindstrom,science,emeritus,computer,professor,gary,utah,pittsburgh
The Gilgel Gibe II Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on the Omo River in Ethiopia.	power station,hydroelectric power,omo river,ii power,gibe ii,gilgel gibe,power,station,gibe,river,hydroelectric,gilgel,ethiopia
Ojo de Agua is the largest town in the municipality of Tecámac in State of Mexico, Mexico.	agua,large,town,municipality,tecámac,state,mexico
Nobscot Hill is a USGS name for a high point in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, and is located in Framingham.	middlesex county,high point,nobscot hill,hill,massachusetts,usgs,county,high,middlesex,point,nobscot,framingham
Socialist Initiative  was a Greek short-lived political party founded in 1976 by former members of Centre Union – New Forces, such as Georgios-Alexandros Mangakis and Dimitris Tsatsos.	dimitris tsatsos,alexandros mangakis,new forces,centre union,political party,socialist initiative,initiative,dimitris,greek,mangakis,political,alexandros,party,georgios,member,forces
Bhakt Darshan served Garhwal as Member of Parliament in the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Lok Sabha as well as being a Deputy Minister and Minister of State in the governments of Lal Bahadur Shastri and Indira Gandhi.	indira gandhi,bahadur shastri,deputy minister,lal bahadur,lok sabha,bhakt darshan,minister,darshan,indira,garhwal,shastri,member,bahadur,parliament
Ganj Peth is a general term, in the Marathi language, for a locality in the Indian cities.	indian city,marathi language,general term,ganj peth,peth,indian,general,locality,term,language,marathi,ganj,city
This is a list of the members of the Iceland Althing from 1995 till 1999.	member,iceland,list,althing
Michael John Flanagan is an English comedian.	english comedian,john flanagan,michael john,john,english,flanagan,michael,comedian
Call My Name is a song recorded by the Christian rock band Third Day.	third day,band third,rock band,christian rock,-PRON- name,name,third,song,band,christian,rock,-PRON-
Saint-Georges-sur-Eure is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.	northern france,loir department,eure,northern,georges,department,loir,france,saint,commune
As Time Goes By is a British romantic sitcom which aired on BBC One from 1992 to 2005, running for nine series and three specials.	romantic sitcom,british romantic,british,series,romantic,sitcom,time,special
Go Hyun-jung is a South Korean actress.	korean actress,south korean,jung,korean,south,hyun,actress
Mewar Residency was a political subdivision of Rajputana Agency in British India.	british india,rajputana agency,political subdivision,mewar residency,residency,british,political,agency,subdivision,rajputana,mewar,india
Jean-Baptiste-Melchior Hertel de Rouville was a seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada.	lower canada,political figure,melchior hertel,baptiste,lower,melchior,figure,hertel,political,rouville,seigneur,jean,canada
Biobank Central is a web-based portal dedicated to advancing the use of human biological materials for research, in order to accelerate the development of new medical therapies and cures.	medical therapy,biological material,new medical,human biological,biobank central,central,therapy,medical,portal,development,human,order
Va ska man ta livet av sig för när man ändå inte får höra snacket efteråt?	snacket efteråt,höra snacket,får höra,inte får,ändå inte,man ändå,när man,för när,sig för,av sig,snacket,höra,inte,ändå
Elga L. Jefferies is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 26th District since her appointment in June 2006 after the death of the former Representative, Lovana "Lou" Jones.	illinois house,democratic member,l. jefferies,elga l.,jefferies,lovana,democratic,representative,member,death,illinois,june
The unseen species problem is commonly referred to in ecology and deals with the estimation of the number of species represented in an ecosystem that were not observed by samples.	species problem,unseen species,species,ecosystem,problem,specie,ecology,number,deal,estimation,unseen,sample
The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff is a senior appointment in the Royal Navy usually a two-star rank and has a NATO ranking code of OF-7.	star rank,royal navy,senior appointment,naval staff,assistant chief,chief,nato,naval,rank,staff,star,senior,navy,appointment,royal
Neil Cooper is best known as the current drummer with Therapy?, a hard rock band from Northern Ireland, and formerly of The Beyond, a hard rock band from England.	rock band,hard rock,northern ireland,current drummer,neil cooper,band,hard,cooper,current,drummer,therapy,northern,ireland,beyond,rock
Underground , is a 1995 comedy-drama film directed by Emir Kusturica, with a screenplay co-written by the director and Dušan Kovačević.	dušan kovačević,screenplay co,emir kusturica,drama film,comedy,dušan,drama,director,film,emir,screenplay,kusturica,underground
The 1944 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on November 7, as part of the 1944 United States presidential election.	presidential election,states presidential,united states,new hampshire,united,states,presidential,election,hampshire,place,november
Bowls Victoria, established in 1880 is the governing body for the sport of Bowls in the State of Victoria.	bowls,victoria,body,sport,state
Smyadovo Cove is a 900-meter wide cove indenting for 850 m the west coast of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	west coast,shetland islands,south shetland,rugged island,livingston island,byers peninsula,wide cove,smyadovo cove,island,cove,west,coast,islands,shetland,south,peninsula,byers
The 153rd Cavalry Regiment is a unit of the Florida Army National Guard.	national guard,army national,florida army,cavalry regiment,cavalry,national,regiment,army,unit,florida,guard
Sir Herbert Whitfield was an English lawyer and landowner, whose pedigree and arms were recorded in both the 1619 Visitation of Kent and the 1623 Visitation of Surrey.	english lawyer,herbert whitfield,sir herbert,visitation,herbert,whitfield,english,pedigree,lawyer,landowner,kent
Peter Lambert is a retired Irish sportsperson.	irish sportsperson,peter lambert,lambert,irish,peter,sportsperson
The 1970s energy crisis was a period when the major industrial countries of the world, particularly the United States, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand, faced substantial petroleum shortages, real and perceived, as well as elevated prices.	elevated price,petroleum shortage,substantial petroleum,new zealand,western europe,united states,industrial country,major industrial,energy crisis,energy,elevated,crisis,real,period,shortage,major,petroleum,industrial,substantial
Rupert Gavin is a British entrepreneur, businessman and theatre impresario.	theatre impresario,british entrepreneur,rupert gavin,gavin,theatre,british,businessman,entrepreneur,rupert,impresario
The discography of the rock band Santana formed by the Mexican-American rock guitarist Carlos Santana consists of 24 studio albums, seven live albums, 61 singles and 23 compilation albums.Santana formed in 1967 in San Francisco and was originally known as the Carlos Santana Blues Band.	carlos santana,studio album,live album,compilation album,san francisco,blues band,guitarist carlos,santana blues,rock guitarist,american rock,santana,album,rock,carlos,band,american,single,compilation,francisco,guitarist
Sue Reidy is a New Zealand author and designer.	zealand author,new zealand,sue reidy,reidy,author,zealand,designer
Love Among the Ruins is a 1975 American made-for-television romantic comedy film directed by George Cukor and starring Katharine Hepburn and Laurence Olivier which premiered on ABC on March 6, 1975.	laurence olivier,katharine hepburn,george cukor,comedy film,romantic comedy,television romantic,american,television,olivier,romantic,laurence,comedy,hepburn,film,katharine
Palaemon semmelinkii is a species of shrimp of the family Palaemonidae.	family palaemonidae,palaemon semmelinkii,semmelinkii,family,species,shrimp,palaemon,palaemonidae
Gerhard Ertl is a German physicist and a Professor emeritus at the Department of Physical Chemistry, Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft in Berlin, Germany.	physical chemistry,professor emeritus,german physicist,gerhard ertl,ertl,berlin,german,gesellschaft,physicist,planck,professor,emeritus,institut
Anu Ramamoorthy is a Malaysian actress and model from the Malaysian Indian origin.	indian origin,malaysian indian,malaysian actress,anu ramamoorthy,malaysian,ramamoorthy,indian,actress,model,origin
Open Window is an accredited private higher education provider.	education provider,high education,private high,accredited private,open window,window,education,accredited,high,private,open,provider
The Daintree Rainforest is a region located on the north east coast of Queensland, Australia, north of Mossman and Cairns.	east coast,north east,daintree rainforest,north,rainforest,mossman,region,coast,queensland,east,australia,daintree,cairns
Vaimutu is one of four traditional districts on the island of Mauke in the Cook islands.	cook island,traditional district,island,traditional,district,mauke,cook,vaimutu
Knäppupp was the collective name of a popular revue series produced by Swedish musician and entertainer Povel Ramel.	povel ramel,swedish musician,revue series,popular revue,collective,povel,popular,musician,revue,swedish,series,knäppupp,ramel
Pakistan Automobiles Corporation were a first-class cricket side that played in the Patron's Trophy, the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy and the Pentangular Trophy between 1983–84 and 1993-94.	pentangular trophy,azam trophy,class cricket,automobiles corporation,pakistan automobiles,trophy,automobiles,corporation,class,cricket,patron,quaid,azam,pakistan
Niceville is a city in Okaloosa County, Florida, United States, located near Eglin Air Force Base on Boggy Bayou that opens into Choctawhatchee Bay.	choctawhatchee bay,boggy bayou,force base,air force,eglin air,united states,okaloosa county,city,choctawhatchee,okaloosa,bayou,county,boggy,florida,base,united,force
Lünne is a municipality in the Emsland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	lower saxony,emsland district,municipality,saxony,emsland,lower,district,lünne,germany
Lys Mykyta was a Ukrainian-language satirical and humorous magazine.	humorous magazine,language satirical,lys mykyta,mykyta,humorous,ukrainian,satirical,language,magazine
Paddock Park were an American Post-hardcore band from Ocala, Florida.	hardcore band,american post,paddock park,park,ocala,american,band,post,hardcore,paddock,florida
Wizna  is a village in Łomża County of Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	eastern poland,podlaskie voivodeship,łomża county,village,eastern,łomża,north,county,voivodeship,podlaskie,wizna,poland
Bitstream Charter is a serif typeface designed by Matthew Carter in 1987 for Bitstream Inc.	bitstream inc.,matthew carter,serif typeface,bitstream charter,bitstream,typeface,serif,matthew,charter,carter,inc.
Luciano Valero is a Venezuelan politician.	venezuelan politician,luciano valero,valero,venezuelan,luciano,politician
Villeneuve-le-Comte is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	central france,france region,marne department,france,comte,commune,seine,marne,department
Mardy S. Ireland is an author, and psychoanalyst, who practices in Raleigh, North Carolina.	north carolina,s. ireland,mardy s.,north,ireland,raleigh,author,psychoanalyst,mardy,carolina
Jose Cornelius White is a former American football defensive tackle who played two seasons with the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League.	football league,national football,defensive tackle,jacksonville jaguars,football defensive,american football,cornelius white,jose cornelius,football,cornelius,white,american,season,jacksonville,tackle,jaguars,defensive,national
The Cavalier Song is the University of Virginia's fight song.	fight song,cavalier song,song,virginia,university,fight,cavalier
Serge Semenenko was a Ukrainian-born Hollywood banker in the 1950s and 1960s, representing the First National Bank of Boston.	national bank,first national,hollywood banker,serge semenenko,semenenko,bank,ukrainian,national,hollywood,first,banker,serge
The Women's Studies Center is an independent non-profit and non-governmental organization in Belgrade, Serbia.	governmental organization,independent non,studies center,studies,belgrade,center,organization,independent,governmental,women,serbia,profit
Nicoletti is an Italian surname derived from the Greek word Νικόλαος, meaning "victory of the people".	word νικόλαος,greek word,italian surname,italian,victory,surname,νικόλαος,greek,word,nicoletti,people
Thallophaga taylorata is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae.	family geometridae,geometrid moth,thallophaga taylorata,taylorata,family,species,moth,geometrid,thallophaga,geometridae
L'Anse Amour is a small town on the Strait of Belle Isle in Labrador, a part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	canadian province,belle isle,small town,l'anse amour,labrador,amour,small,town,strait,belle,isle,province,canadian,newfoundland
Soskin is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Soskina.	feminine counterpart,masculine surname,russian masculine,russian,counterpart,masculine,feminine,surname,soskin,soskina
Sea Dragon class remotely operated underwater vehicle is a class of Chinese ROV used to perform various underwater tasks ranging from oil platform service to salvage and rescue missions, and it is a class of ROUV developed in People's Republic of China with the deepest diving capability: up to 3,500 meters.	diving capability,rescue mission,deep diving,platform service,oil platform,underwater task,chinese rov,underwater vehicle,dragon class,sea dragon,class,underwater,capability,diving,deep,china,republic,service,dragon,salvage
Adi Kanga was an Indian civil engineer, writer and one of the planners of the city of Navi Mumbai.	navi mumbai,civil engineer,indian civil,adi kanga,kanga,navi,indian,city,civil,planner,engineer,writer,mumbai
Shuiche Town is an urban town in Xinhua County, Loudi City, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.	hunan province,loudi city,xinhua county,urban town,shuiche town,town,republic,people,xinhua,province,county,hunan,loudi,city,china
The National Democratic Alliance was a short-lived centre-left party in Hungary, founded and led by Zoltán Bíró and Imre Pozsgay, defectors from the Hungarian Democratic Forum and the Hungarian Socialist Party , respectively.	socialist party,hungarian socialist,democratic forum,imre pozsgay,hungarian democratic,zoltán bíró,left party,democratic alliance,national democratic,democratic,hungarian,party,bíró,imre,zoltán,pozsgay,hungary,centre,left
Gleb Andreyevich Boglayevskiy is a Russian football striker who last played for FC Gubkin.	fc gubkin,football striker,russian football,andreyevich boglayevskiy,gleb andreyevich,andreyevich,boglayevskiy,striker,russian,football,gleb,gubkin
Chambers Island, named in honor of Col.	island,honor,chambers
Albert Broadhouse was an English footballer.	english footballer,albert broadhouse,broadhouse,english,albert,footballer
Dalgaranga crater is a small meteorite impact crater located on Dalgaranga pastoral station 75 km west of Mount Magnet in Western Australia.	western australia,mount magnet,pastoral station,dalgaranga pastoral,impact crater,meteorite impact,small meteorite,dalgaranga crater,crater,western,magnet,mount,station,pastoral,dalgaranga,meteorite,small
Wollin ) is a municipality in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district, in Brandenburg, Germany.	municipality,brandenburg,potsdam,district,mittelmark,wollin,germany
The Ishi Wilderness is a 41,339 acre wilderness area located on the Lassen National Forest in the Shasta Cascade foothills of northern California, United States.	united states,northern california,cascade foothill,shasta cascade,national forest,lassen national,wilderness area,acre wilderness,ishi wilderness,wilderness,united,california,area,northern,lassen,foothill,national,cascade,forest
George Clark Fairfield was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.	party member,conservative party,progressive conservative,clark fairfield,george clark,clark,commons,fairfield,house,progressive,member,conservative,party,george,canada
Dąbrowa is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany .	northern poland,masurian voivodeship,kętrzyn county,gmina kętrzyn,administrative district,kętrzyn,area,settlement,poland,administrative,northern,voivodeship,district,masurian,warmian
The 1968 Gent–Wevelgem was the 30th edition of the Gent–Wevelgem cycle race and was held on 16 April 1968.	cycle race,wevelgem cycle,wevelgem,race,cycle,edition,gent,april
Janhonen is a Finnish surname.	finnish,janhonen,surname
Mill Hill Broadway railway station is on the Midland Main Line in England, serving the suburb of Mill Hill in the London Borough of Barnet, north London.	mill hill,railway station,broadway railway,hill broadway,main line,midland main,north london,london borough,hill,london,main,midland,line,station,england,railway,suburb,mill
Michelle Stennett is a Democratic Idaho State Senator for District 26 since 2010.	state senator,idaho state,democratic idaho,michelle stennett,stennett,senator,democratic,state,idaho,michelle,district
The Riley Pathfinder is an automobile which was produced by Riley Motors Limited in the United Kingdom from 1953 to 1957.	united kingdom,motors limited,riley motors,riley pathfinder,riley,united,limited,motors,pathfinder,automobile,kingdom
Jo-Anne Baird, FAcSS is the Pearson Professor of Educational Assessment at Oxford University and a Fellow of St Anne's College.	st anne,oxford university,educational assessment,pearson professor,anne baird,anne,educational,assessment,professor,oxford,pearson,university,facss,fellow,baird
Daut Boriçi , was an Albanian Muslim cleric and nationalist figure of the Albanian National Awakening.	national awakening,albanian national,nationalist figure,muslim cleric,albanian muslim,daut boriçi,albanian,boriçi,national,cleric,nationalist,muslim,figure,daut,awakening
The Biscuit Brothers is a half-hour Emmy-award winning public television program produced in Austin, Texas.	television program,public television,hour emmy,biscuit brothers,brothers,austin,half,program,hour,television,emmy,public,award,biscuit
Thinking outside the box is a metaphor that means to think differently, unconventionally, or from a new perspective.	metaphor,perspective
Isostyla purefacta is a moth of the family Notodontidae.	family notodontidae,isostyla purefacta,purefacta,family,moth,isostyla,notodontidae
Fox Run is a neighborhood in Cranberry Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States.	united states,butler county,cranberry township,fox run,united,neighborhood,pennsylvania,cranberry,county,township,butler,states
Also known as brodel's white line.	white,brodel,line
The Al-Khawarizmi Astronomy Complex is an observatory in Masjid Tanah, Alor Gajah District, Melaka, Malaysia.	gajah district,alor gajah,masjid tanah,astronomy complex,khawarizmi astronomy,khawarizmi,melaka,astronomy,district,complex,gajah,observatory,alor,masjid,tanah
On September 29, 2005, three near-simultaneous car bombs exploded in Balad, Iraq.	car bomb,simultaneous car,near,balad,simultaneous,bomb,september,iraq
Version intégrale is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer Garou, and his seventh album overall.	seventh album,singer garou,canadian singer,studio album,sixth studio,version intégrale,album,intégrale,sixth,studio,singer,garou,canadian,seventh,version
Emily Elizabeth Veeder was an American novelist and poet.	american novelist,elizabeth veeder,emily elizabeth,elizabeth,novelist,veeder,american,emily,poet
Jones Ridge is an unincorporated community in Degognia Township, Jackson County, Illinois, United States.	united states,jackson county,degognia township,unincorporated community,jones ridge,ridge,united,unincorporated,illinois,community,county,degognia,jackson,township,jones
Nicolás Matías Temperini is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Newell's Old Boys.	old boys,professional footballer,argentine professional,matías temperini,nicolás matías,matías,temperini,newell,argentine,goalkeeper,professional,footballer,nicolás,boys
The apron is any part of the stage that extends past the proscenium arch and into the audience or seating area.	seating area,proscenium arch,stage,seating,proscenium,audience,arch,apron,area
Sotirios "Sam" Panopoulos was a Greek-born Canadian cook and businessman, credited as the inventor of Hawaiian pizza.	hawaiian pizza,canadian cook,hawaiian,panopoulos,inventor,greek,businessman,canadian,cook,sotirios,pizza
In 2007, Colkett joined Chelsea at under-11 level from Charlton Athletic and progressed through the club's academy system.	academy system,charlton athletic,chelsea,academy,club,level,athletic,charlton,colkett,system
Lessness is a short story by Samuel Beckett originally written in French as "Sans" in 1969, and later translated into English by the author.	samuel beckett,short story,short,english,story,sans,samuel,french,beckett,lessness,author
The men's 800 metres event at the 1997 European Athletics U23 Championships was held in Turku, Finland, on 11, 12, and 13 July 1997.	european athletics,metre event,metre,finland,event,turku,european,championships,athletics,july
The Bank of Sumner, also known as the Clock Tower building and the S.F. Cass building, is a historic building located in Sumner, Iowa, United States.	united states,historic building,cass building,s.f. cass,tower building,clock tower,building,sumner,united,iowa,clock,tower,s.f.,cass,states,bank
The men's triple jump event at the 2015 Asian Athletics Championships was held on June 6.	athletics championships,asian athletics,jump event,triple jump,triple,championships,jump,athletics,event,asian,june


